A panel assembly (10), and method of making it, that includes a substrate (11) and a coating (12) proximate at least one edge (14) of the substrate (11) for defining a coated edge portion, the coating including one or more film forming resins having at least one functional group capable of polymerization; an initiator for causing the formation of free radicals or cations; and one or more compounds, which are reactive with the film forming resin and which also contain at least one acidic moiety. 
A plastic (13) is bonded onto the coated edge portion of the substrate (11) 
An as-cast carbidic ductile iron is provided, having a pearlitic matrix with 5-50% by volume carbides and high wear resistance properties. 
The as-cast carbidic ductile iron is produced without an austempering heat treatment step. 
The as-cast carbidic ductile iron preferably includes a carbide stabilizing element and a spheroidizing agent 
A system for providing operational feedback to a user of a detection probe may includes an optical sensor to generate data corresponding to a position of the detection probe with respect to a surface; a microprocessor to receive the data; a software medium having code to process the data with the microprocessor and pre-programmed parameters, and making a comparison of the data to the parameters; and an indicator device to indicate results of the comparison. 
A method of providing operational feedback to a user of a detection probe may include generating output data with an optical sensor corresponding to the relative position with respect to a surface; processing the output data, including comparing the output data to pre-programmed parameters; and indicating results of the comparison 
There is provided fiber optic hardware and hardware components adapted to provide a desired amount of fiber optic connectivity and/or functionality for a desired amount of volume, materials, etc. The fiber optic hardware components include, but are not limited to multiports, local convergence points (LCPs), particularly LCPs for multiple dwelling units or similar applications, network interface devices, equipment frames, and fiber distribution hubs. 
Certain fiber optic hardware components are adapted to accommodate microstructured optical fiber or other bend performance optical fiber 
A high flow therapy system including a microprocessor, a heating element a non-sealing respiratory interface and a sensor is disclosed. 
The heating element is disposed in electrical communication with the microprocessor and is capable of heating a liquid to create a gas. 
The non-sealing respiratory interface is configured to deliver the gas to a patient. 
The sensor is disposed in electrical communication with the microprocessor and is configured to measure pressure in an upper airway of the patient 
An improved method of playing a Pai Gow card game starts with each player (14 - 24) placing a bet (30). 
Thereafter, the dealer deals four cards to each player and to the dealer. 
Each player and the dealer then separate his or her four cards into two hands, a high hand (26) and a low hand (28), each consisting of two cards. 
The high hand (26) must be higher than the low hand (28) and are ranked in accordance with a hierarchy established by the rules of the improved game. 
If the player's high and low hands (26, 28) beat the dealer's high and low hands, the player wins. 
If the dealer's high and low hands beat the player's high and low hands, the player loses. 
If one of the player's hands wins but the other loses, it is considered a push. 
Each player may also place an optional bonus side bet (32) before the cards are dealt. 
If a bonus bet (32) is made and if the player's four cards meet certain predetermined criteria, a bonus is paid in accordance with a payout schedule. 
The bonus bet (32) has no bearing on the remaining play of the game 
A downhole tool includes a lock for maintaining a slip in a reduced diameter position when running the tool in the well, and selectively releases the slip to move radially outward to a set position to suspend an anchored portion of the tool within a downhole tubular. 
The tool includes a mandrel having a through passage, with a hydraulic port within the mandrel that is closed to mandrel internal pressure as the tool is run in the wellbore. 
A ball seat covers hydraulic ports in the mandrel. 
A ball may be dropped to seat and increase pressure to open the ports. 
A piston moves in response to mandrel internal pressure applied through the hydraulic port to unlock the locking device, such that further movement of the piston releases the slip from the reduced diameter position to the set position 
A rail type transportation apparatus is used in transporting various kinds of automated equipments for performing different tasks with respect to heat insulators attached to the inner wall surfaces of a ship cargo compartment. 
The apparatus includes a pair of rails removably secured to the heat insulators and a carriage assembly mountable to and movable along the rails. 
The carriage assembly includes a carriage frame, a driving unit mounted to the carriage frame and provided with travel wheels, a pressing unit mounted to the carriage frame, a support wheel unit movable toward and away from the rails for engagement and disengagement with the rails and a travel brake device for stopping movement of the carriage assembly. 
The apparatus further includes a controller for controlling operations of the carriage assembly 
An advertising system using a proxy server for relaying communication between a web server and a plurality of user terminals is disclosed. 
A script analysis module determines the elements of the Internet connection window by analyzing the script information of an Internet connection window transmitted from the web server. An advertisement DataBase (DB) stores the script information of respective advertisements so that one or more advertisements can be inserted into the Internet connection window. A cookie DB stores the script information of the Internet connection window. When the Internet connection window is transmitted to one o the user terminals, an advertisement replacement module replaces the specific areas of the script information of the Internet connection window with the script information of one or more advertisements found in the advertisement DB, or inserts the script information of the advertisement found in the advertisement DB into the corresponding areas 
An intake variable valve mechanism 34 is provided that allows closing timing of an air intake valve 30 to be varied. 
The intake variable valve mechanism 34 has a first control mode that controls IVC timing of the intake valve 30 at an angle-advancing side relative to a certain range including an air intake bottom dead center BDC, and a second control mode that controls the IVC timing of the intake valve 30 at an angle-retarding side relative to the certain range. 
IVC variable control (first control mode) for making the IVC timing of the intake valve 30 variable according to load is selected for operation in a region of relative low loads, and intake valve closing retardation control (second control mode) for controlling the intake valve 30 in fully retarded IVC timing is selected for operation in a region of relatively high loads 
This invention relates to a surgical prosthesis including a woven mesh (1) for surgical use suitable for use using tension-free techniques, preferably using the tension-free sutureless technique, the said mesh (1) combining the physical properties of softness and ultralightness with stable behaviour. 
According to one embodiment, the mesh prosthesis (1) is coated on one or both surfaces with a film of polymer material which will prevent the occurrence of adhesions and/or reduce the phenomenon of erosion. 
According to another embodiment the mesh (1) is coated with a network of polymer fibres and nanofibres having a distribution of diameters within the range from 50 nanometres to 500 micrometres. 
The coating network of polymer fibres and nanofibres is produced through the electrospinning technique 
A cylinder lock including a tumbler arranged for rotation in a lock body, the tumbler including a plurality of tumbler pins arranged for sliding motion in tumbler pin bores formed in the tumbler, the tumbler being formed with a keyway for inserting therein a key, a plurality of driver pins arranged for sliding motion in body pin bores formed in the lock body, and deburring structure for preventing burrs from forming in tumbler pin bores 
A compressed gas delivery vehicle has a cooling system that cools an interior of a gas storage vessel during filling of the vessel with the gas wherein the gas is sorbed by a sorbent material comprising an adsorbent or an absorbent 
The diode according to the invention comprises at least one organic layer made of bipolar material for blocking either electrons on the anode side, or holes, on the cathode side. 
According to the invention, the charge-blocking function is therefore provided no longer by a potential barrier effect but by a difference in intrinsic mobility of the charges within the bipolar organic material. 
Thanks to the use of this type of material for the blocking layer, the lifetime of the diodes is substantially improved 
The invention relates to a method for obtaining copper from cupriferous and iron-bearing ores, ore concentrates, or minerals, said method comprising the following steps: the cupriferous ores, ore concentrates or minerals are transformed by reaction with sulphur at between 300 and 600 °C for at least 5 minutes in order to form cupriferous sulphides and iron sulphides; the reaction product is ground; the cupriferous sulphides obtained are at least partially physically separated from the iron sulphides; and the separated cupriferous sulphides are treated by pyrometallurgical or hydrometallurgical methods in order to obtain copper 
Disclosed is a folding device (1) for machining workpieces (6), comprising a retaining mechanism (2) for mounting a workpiece (6) on a mounting plane (12) in a machining position, and a folding slide (3) for bending an edge of the workpiece (6) into a folded position. 
The folding slide (3) has at least one first folding surface (13) and a second folding surface (14). 
The first folding surface (13) forms an angle a along with the second folding surface (14), the first folding surface (13) forms an angle ß<SUB>1</SUB> along with the mounting plane (12), and the second folding surface (14) forms an angle ß<SUB>2</SUB> along with the mounting plane (12). 
The first folding surface (13) and the second folding surface (14) are pressed against the workpiece (6) when an edge is bent. 
Also disclosed is a method for folding workpieces 
The invention relates to a pole housing arrangement of an electric drive motor, particularly for wiper devices in motor vehicles, comprising at least two stator magnets (3, 4) arranged at a distance from each other in a pole housing (1), and a brush holder (8). 
According to the invention, at least one first spacer (5) with a first centering means (11) is provided between the stator magnets (3, 4), the means interacting with a second centering means (12) located on the brush holder (8) in order to center the stator magnets relative to the brush holders (8) 
A method (400) for performing a regression test on a software application is proposed. 
The regression test involves the execution (481-463) of a subset of selected test cases on the software application (among all the ones being available). 
In the proposed solution, the selection of the test cases to be regressed (409-448) is performed according to an effectiveness-based criterion. 
For this purpose, an effectiveness index of each test case is calculated (424-442) according to its results being obtained during previous executions of the test case; preferably, the effectiveness index is based on the frequency of negative results of the test case (and secondarily on their variability and recency). 
The test cases whose effectiveness indexes reach a predefined threshold are then selected (448) for running the regression test (on the assumption that they should be more effective in detecting errors of the software application) 
A method for treating silage to enhance aerobic stability by inhibiting growth of microorganisms selected from yeasts, molds and spore-forming bacteria is disclosed. 
The method comprises treating silage or feed with a composition comprising Lactobacillus buchneri, LN5665, or the antimicrobial components produced thereby. 
The strain of Lactobacillus buchneri disclosed in the invention has been purified and isolated and has been found to be nontoxic, safe and able to improve aerobic stability of silage 
A server for automatically installing a required application responsive to a client device is described. 
The server comprises an interface agent arranged to receive a first signal from a client wireless device where the first signal comprises an identifier. 
A retrieval application is arranged to obtain an executable application corresponding to the identifier and an installer application is arranged to install the executable application responsive to the retrieval application obtaining the executable application. 
The interface agent is arranged to cause execution of the installed executable application 
A system (100) and method (200) for dynamic frequency synthesizer programming is provided The method can include identifying (202) a first operating frequency (120) of a first oscillator (250), identifying a second operating frequency (121) of a second oscillator (255), and adjusting the first operating frequency if the first operating frequency and the second operating frequency are within a pre-determined range (155) for suppressing an interference between the first oscillator and the second oscillator. 
In one configuration, the first operating frequency can be changed (121) by a pre-specified offset if the first oscillator is in transmit mode (121) and the second oscillator is in receive mode (142). 
In another configuration, the first operating frequency can be changed by a pre-specified offset if the first oscillator is in transmit mode (121) and the second oscillator is in transmit mode (141) 
Embodiments of present invention generally relate to securing systems and, more particularly, to clamping assemblies for supporting items such as piping systems and mechanical systems. 
In one embodiment, a hanger assembly for pipes or other equipment in a building is provided. 
The hanger assembly includes a clamping assembly configured to releaseably engage a support structure secured to the building; a hanger for supporting the pipes or other equipment in the building; and an elongate rod having a first end and a second end, wherein the first end is coupled to the clamping assembly such that the elongate rod can pivot in a plurality of planes and wherein the second end is configured to support the hanger 
Disclosed is an apparatus for cleaning and scoping an optical fiber, which comprises a handheld which uses a single outlet to emit a scoping light for scoping a ferrule surface of an optical connector, and to jet a cleaning liquid for cleaning the ferrule surface and a compressed air for facilitating a cleaning operation of the cleaning liquid; a main body which supplies the cleaning liquid and the compressed air to the handheld; and a display which displays an image of the ferrule surface on the basis of the scoping light. 
With this configuration, the apparatus can clean and scope a ferrule surface of an optical connector at the same time even though it is inserted once in an adapter to which a ferrule of the optical connector to be cleaned is connected, thereby reducing time and efforts taken in cleaning the ferrule surface 
The invention relates to a pop reduction system for a switching power conversion system (0, 1 ), which system comprises an analogue control system (0) and a switching power stage (1), where the pop reduction system comprises an extra power stage (2), controllable means (3) for establishing or eliminating an extra signal path from the output of said control system (0) via said extra power stage (2) to the output terminal of said switching power conversion system (0, 1 } and control means (34) for controlling said controllable means (3), whereby establishing or elimination of said extra signal path is attained. 
The invention furthermore relates to a corresponding method for pop reduction and generally to amplifier systems comprising the pop reduction system according to the invention 
A transistor device (10), the transistor device (10) comprising a substrate (11, 14), a fin (3, 3A) aligned along a horizontal direction on the substrate (11, 14), a first source/drain region (4) of a first type of conductivity in the fin (3, 3A), a second source/drain region (5) of a second type of conductivity in the fin (3, 3A), wherein the first type of conductivity differs from the second type of conductivity, a channel region (33) in the fin (3, 3A) between the first source/drain region (4) and the second source/drain region (5), a gate insulator (6) on the channel region (33), and a gate structure (7, 8) on the gate insulator (6), wherein the sequence of the first source/drain region (4), the channel region (33) and the second source/drain region (5) is aligned along the horizontal direction 
The present invention concerns a fluorescence resonance energy transfer based high throughput test system to measure the formation of the RSV F1 six-helix bundle. 
In a first embodiment the current invention relates to a homogeneous time resolved fluorescence-based test system comprising a first helical polypeptide consisting essentially of the sequence of IQN57 (SEQ ID NO: 1); a second helical polypeptide consisting essentially of the sequence of C45 (SEQ ID NO: 2) wherein said IQN57 is labeled with a light emitting fluorophore and said C45 is labeled with an ultra-violet excitable fluorophore 
The invention relates to a method and device for triggering a personal protection system in a motor vehicle, in particular, a pedestrian protection system on impact of an object with the vehicle. 
According to the method, the following steps are carried out: a force and/or deformation and/or elongation and/or acceleration brought about by the impact are recorded by a sensor device (12-1,..,12-n), the signals provided by the sensor device (12- 1,..,12-n) are analysed, on analysis, a compensation factor (KF) for compensation of variations in signal from the sensor (12-1,..,12-n) are taken into account such that information about the characteristics is provided. 
The compensation factor (KF) is determined from a relevant transfer function (TF) for at least one parameter, determined by sensors and the personal protection system is operated depending on the information about the characteristics of the impact 
The invention relates to R-hydroxynitrile lyases with improved substrate acceptance, increased activity and increased selectivity, obtainable by introducing random mutations with the aid of random mutagenesis and/or saturation mutagenesis techniques, identifyingby means of screening or selection and, where appropriate, subsequently combining advantageous mutations, and to the use thereof 
An improved rod-like inverted T profile, characterised by comprising at least one deep-drawing (8) on the junction line between the central rib (2) and the flanges (6) 
Disclosed is a coating apparatus for serially coating workpieces with different shades. 
A metering device (10) which particularly comprises a plunger-type dosing mechanism (20) or a metering pump (100) that has a separate inlet with an integrated color valve (FV) for each of the most commonly used colors is located in or near the sprayer of the coating apparatus. A separate color changer (12) can be provided for less frequently used colors. 
A method and assembly for dissipating heat from semiconducting light sources. 
The light sources are connected to a circuit board with a plurality of layers. 
The waste heat produced by the semiconducting light source is transferred through the layers of the circuit board in order to dissipate the heat 
An electronic device includes a processing circuit configured to operate at least a first application and a second application. 
The first application is configured to provide location-based data based upon a request for the location-based data. 
A display is configured to provide an image having a first image portion associated with the first application and a second image portion associated with the second application. 
The first image portion is configured to receive the request for the location-based 
Apparatus is disclosed which may be operated according to a session acquisition mode, an editing mode, and a playback or distribution mode. 
In the session acquisition mode, in response to a global sync signal or a locally generated start signal, acquisition streams are automatically produced which capture an analog or digital input signal. 
Those acquisition streams produced by capture devices in sync with the global timeline (i.e., online devices) will have time indicia in sync with the global timeline. 
Those capture devices which are not in sync with the global timeline (i.e., offline devices) will have local time indicia. 
The system may inlcude one or more online capture devices that come online and go offline during the global time line, one or more online capture devices operating in conjunction with one or more offline capture devices, or a plurality of offline capture devices. 
The various acquisition streams are delivered, synchronously or asynchronously, to a server. 
Those streams having local time indicia are synchronized with the global timeline and the various acquisition streams are then stored. 
Low bit rate streams corresponding to the stored acquisition streams are generated for use in subsequent editing of the acquisition streams. 
The editing of the acquisition streams entails reviewing the various acquisition streams and selecting portions for replay. 
The portions selected for replay are identified through metadata which is then stored. 
The replay or distribution mode begins by editing the global timeline using the metadata generated in the editing mode so as to produce an edited timeline. 
The various acquisition streams are then rendered or played back according to the edited timeline to produce a distribution stream 
A portable urinal includes a simulated golf club and a privacy shield, allowing the urinal to be used in a secluded part of a golf course while appearing to practice a golf swing. 
In one embodiment, the simulated golf club includes an elongated sealed receptacle for holding urine. 
In another embodiment, the elongated sealed receptacle is formed within a canister attached to the simulated golf club 
An ion implantation apparatus, system, and method are provided for transferring a plurality of workpieces between vacuum and atmospheric pressures, wherein an alignment mechanism is operable to align a plurality of workpieces for generally simultaneous transportation to a dual-workpiece load lock chamber. 
The alignment mechanism comprises a characterization device, an elevator, and two vertically-aligned workpiece supports for supporting two workpieces. 
First and second atmospheric robots are configured to generally simultaneously transfer two workpieces at a time between load lock modules, the alignment mechanism, and a FOUP. 
Third and fourth vacuum robots are configured to transfer one workpiece at a time between the load lock modules and a process module. 
A method for accessing content stored on a memory device is provided. 
In this method, a request to access the content is transmitted and a session ticket is received. 
The session ticket includes a parameter used to decrypt the content and the session ticket is generated based on a variable that is configured to change at a session. 
The content may be accessed based on the session ticket. 
An apparatus is also provided comprising a memory and a processor in communication with the memory. 
The processor is configured to: transmit a request to a memory device to access content stored in the memory device; receive a session ticket; and access the content based on the session ticket. 
The session ticket includes a parameter used to decrypt the content and the session ticket is generated based on a number that is configured to change at a session 
Alkoxysilanes are prepared by a process which uses microwave or RF energy. 
Thus, silicon metal and a copper catalyst are exposed to microwave radiation in the presence of an appropriate hydroxy compound, such as, an alcohol, and a catalyst, to yield the corresponding trialkoxysilane. 
The desired alkoxysilanes are prepared with high selectivity and at lower temperatures and shorter times than traditional approaches allow 
In one embodiment, an apparatus for ventilatory therapy is provided, the apparatus comprising an apparatus body defining a flow path for ventilatory gas, a diffuser in operative communication with said flow path and at least one means for attaching the apparatus to ventilatory tubing or to a ventilatory device. 
In an additional embodiment, a method of providing an aromatherapy or aromatic substance to a subject is provided, the method comprising operatively connecting the apparatus of claim 1 to ventilatory tubing or a ventilatory device, providing an aromatic or aromatherapy substance to the diffuser, passing a ventilatory gas through the flow path, diffusing or evaporating a portion of said aromatic or aroma therapy substance into said ventilatory gas and providing the ventilatory gas to a subject 
My invention, Home Health Disposable Product Line is designed to add the Home into the Health care supply industry to aid the Health care professionals and the Home care providers with single use, then discard. 
Designs that are full sized, home sized with from flat to pop-up technology with draw closure for easy discard of any bacteria, blood, burned skin, etc. into the trash for added protection for the care giver and the recipient. 
This line consists of seven (7) designs and are made of plastic melted into the fabric and sanitized with germ-free, light weight, water repellent, chemical proof, bio-degradable materials. 
The Bath Tub is_ by _, goes from bathroom to bed; Potty is_ by_, goes from commode to potty chair to bed; Sink is_ by_, width_ height _ goes from bathroom sink to chair to bed; Shampoo-er is_ by _, built to fit at neckline and has straps to fasten around forehead, protecting the face, leaving hair to lay into pocket of the funnel that allows water to flow down into any container through the spout tube, operating in bed or chair. 
The Shower Mat is_by_ Height at edges to cover bottom of Bath Tub with no run off except from the tube spout running down the drain. 
The Air Pillow is_by _used for elevation of any area. 
Air Comforter is_ by_ used for bed sores, burns, etc. The materials/see example, plus 1. 
Systems and devices for dynamically stabilizing the spine are provided. 
The systems include a superior component for attachment to a superior vertebra of a spinal motion segment and an inferior component for attachment to an inferior vertebral of a spinal motion segment. 
The interconnection between the two components enables the spinal motion segment to move in a manner that mimics the natural motion of the spinal motion segment while substantially offloading the facet joints of the spine. 
Methods are also provided for stabilizing the spine and for implanting the subject systems 
A system for managing business acquisitions includes a memory module storing information in one or more business objects associated with managing a business acquisition. 
The system includes a server system having a composite application providing processes for managing the business acquisition, the composite application providing an integrated solution for managing the business acquisition. 
The processes include: (1) a capture opportunity process for facilitating establishment and approval of an opportunity; (2) a pursuit planning process for facilitating development and approval of a proposal development schedule; (3) a solicitation planning process for facilitating, in response to receipt of a customer solicitation in one of various forms, updating of the proposal development schedule, establishment of a collaborative environment for preparing a proposal for the opportunity, and approval of a decision to bid on the opportunity; (4) a proposal development process for facilitating preparation of content of the proposal for the opportunity; and (5) a contract negotiation process for facilitating finalization of a statement of work for the project. 
The composite application is a web-based application receives, from one or more users associated with the business acquisition, input and documents for the one or more processes, and facilitates storage of the input and documents in association with the one or more business objects stored in the memory module 
Provided are a photoelectric device using a PN diode and a silicon integrated circuit (IC) including the photoelectric device. 
The photoelectric device includes: a substrate; and an optical waveguide formed as a PN diode on the substrate, wherein a junction interface of the PN diode is formed in a direction in which light advances; and an electrode applying a reverse voltage to the PN diode, wherein N-type and P-type semiconductors of the PN diode are doped at high concentrations and the doping concentration of the N-type semiconductor is higher than or equal to that of the P-type semiconductor 
It is possible to reduce an information amount of reception quality to be reported from a communication terminal device to a communication control device according to a communication congestion state. 
The communication control device (100) performs communication with the communication terminal device by using a frequency channel configured by two or more sub channels defined by a predetermined frequency band. 
The communication control device (100) includes: a reception unit (113) which receives information data destined to the communication terminal device; a scheduling unit (101) which allocates the received information data to each of the sub channels and generates allocation information indicating the allocation state of information data to the respective sub channels; a congestion information generation unit (103) which generates congestion information indicating the congestion degrees of the respective sub channels according to the generated allocation information; a control information generation unit (104) which generates control information containing the generated congestion information; and a transmission unit (111) which transmits the generated control information to the terminal device 
It is possible to learn an acoustic model and a language model for each of vocalized lengths indicating a vocalized section in audio data and perform voice recognition by using the acoustic model and the language model. 
A voice recognition device includes means (103) which detects a vocalized section in audio data (101) and generates section information indicating the vocalized section; means (104) which recognizes the data portion corresponding to the section information in audio data and text data (102) acquired from the audio data and classifying the data portion according to the vocalized length; and means (106) which learns an acoustic model and a language model (107) by using the classified data portion (105) 
[PROBLEMS] To provide a method and an apparatus for cutting a conductive link of a redundant circuit in a semiconductor integrated circuit. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] A method is provided for selectively cutting a plurality of conductive links embedded in a protection layer which covers at least the conductive links in a semiconductor device formed on a semiconductor substrate. 
A focused beam is aligned with a target link, a first pulsed laser beam having a short laser wavelength of 400nm or shorter and a second pulsed laser beam having a wavelength longer than 400nm are generated, the first and the second pulsed laser beams are overlapped and applied onto the conductive link from over the protection layer. 
Preferably, the second pulsed laser is applied after the first pulsed layer in terms of time 
An exposure apparatus (1) in which vibration of a vacuum robot for conveying a wafer (W) to a wafer stage (29) is reduced. 
The exposure apparatus (1) has a first vacuum robot (25) and a second vacuum robot (27). 
In conveying the wafer (W) from a load lock chamber (15) to the wafer stage (29) inside a vacuum chamber (11), the first vacuum robot (25) is placed in the vacuum chamber (11) and conveys the wafer coming from the load lock chamber, and the second vacuum robot (27) is placed in the vacuum chamber and conveys the wafer (W) to the wafer stage (29). 
The first vacuum robot is driven independent of the second vacuum robot 
Provided is an A/D converter of a successive comparison type comprising a cyclic type D/A converter (11), a comparator (12) for comparing an analog value and the output value of the D/A converter (11), and storage means (13) for storing the output values of the comparator (12) sequentially to feed the stored values in the inverse order to the D/A converter (11) 
An unknown word is additionally registered in a speech recognition dictionary according to a correction result, and a new pronunciation of the word registered in the speech recognition dictionary is additionally registered in the speech recognition dictionary, thereby enhancing the accuracy of speech recognition. 
The starting and end times of each phoneme in speech data corresponding to each phoneme included in a phoneme sequence acquired by a phoneme sequence converting section (13) are added to the phoneme sequence. 
From the phoneme sequence, phoneme sequence portion extracting section (15) extracts a phoneme sequence portion composed of phonemes present in a portion corresponding to the period from the starting time to the end time of the word section of the word corrected by a word correcting section (9) defines the phoneme sequence portion as the pronunciation. 
When an additionally registering section (17) judges that the corrected word is not registered in the speech recognition dictionary (5), the additionally registering section (17) combines the corrected word and the pronunciation determined by a pronunciation determining section (16), and additionally registered the combination as new pronunciation word data in the speech recognition dictionary (5). 
When the additionally registering section (17) judges that the corrected word is registered, the additionally registering section (17) additionally registers the pronunciation determined by the pronunciation determining section (16) as another pronunciation of the registered word 
A method of receiving and processing an RF signal comprises receiving (5) the RF signal; analogue processing the signal and providing a digital output to a digital signal processor, the digital output including an added identification code unique to an RF front end receiver hardware. 
Within the digital signal processor, the identification code is compared with a predetermined identification code or set of codes to determine if there is match. 
If there is a (10) match, the digital output is processed to provide data to the user, and if there is not a match, an error function is implemented. 
This method enables a software developer to make the system function only when there is a match between the hardware and the software. 
This makes copying the software as difficult as copying the hardware, because (15) copied software will not work with the incorrect hardware batch 
It is described an X-ray tube (100, 200) for moving a focal spot within a wide range. 
The X-ray tube (100, 200) comprises a first electron source (105), which is adapted to generate a first electron beam projecting along a first beam path (107a, 107b), a second electron source (110), which is adapted to generate a second electron beam projecting along a second beam path (112a, 112b) and an anode (120), which is arranged within the first beam path (107a, 107b) and within the second beam path (112a, 112b) such that on a surface (121) of the anode (120) the first electron beam (307a) generates a first focal spot (308) and the second electron beam (412a) generates a second focal spot (413). 
The X-ray tube (100, 200) further comprises a common deflection unit (130, 330, 430), which is adapted to deflect the first (307a) and the second electron beam (412a), such that the positions of the first (308) and the second focal spot (413) is shifted. 
The electron sources (105, 110) may be arranged within a linear array allowing for a simple mechanical support of the X-ray sources 
The subject of the present invention is principally a device (2) for transferring a nuclear fuel cartridge between a container (4) for transporting said cartridge and a device (6) for storing said cartridge. 
The transfer device comprises a body and a slide (34) of longitudinal axis, capable of sliding in said body along its longitudinal axis (Y), said slide (34) comprising at least a first compartment (C1), for removing a plug (12) from the transport container and a plug (24, 26, 28) from the storage device, and a second compartment (C3) for allowing the cartridge to pass from the transport container (4) to the storage device (6) and, conversely, means (35, 37) for sealing the transfer between the transport container (4) and a transfer device (2) and between the transfer device (2) and the storage device (6) 
The present invention describes a method for the production of one or more olefins from the residue of at least one renewable natural raw material. 
The present invention is advantageously related to a method that is integrated with a processing method for processing renewable natural agricultural raw materials for the production of propylene, and optionally of ethylene and butylene, mainly from the residues of the processed renewable natural agricultural raw material. 
The propylene is obtained from the gasification reaction of the lignocellulosic materials and of other organic products contained in the raw material residues, followed by the formation of methanol and its subsequent transformation into propylene, where this route may further generate ethylene and/or butylene as by-products 
An alignment conveyor for aligning articles along a side of the conveyor without changing their orientation. 
The conveyor includes a conveyor belt having article-supporting rollers rotating in a direction oblique to the direction of belt travel as the belt advances. 
The rollers direct the articles to a side of the belt. 
A sideguard, formed by a series of plates or an array of rotatable elements, advances with the belt in the direction of belt travel and receives and aligns the articles without causing them to rotate on contact 
An automated test system for a device under test (DUT) compresses the stimulus waveform before transferring it to a storage device or over a data transfer interface. 
The compressed stimulus waveform data are decompressed, and if required converted to analog form, then applied as a stimulus to the DUT. 
In response, the DUT produces a response waveform. 
The response waveform is compressed before transferring it to a storage device or over a data transfer interface. 
If the response waveform is analog, it is converted to digital before compression. 
The compressed waveform is decompressed for further analysis or display by a host computer. 
Features of the response waveform can be calculated from the compressed or uncompressed waveform data. 
Several configurations that include compression and decompression of stimulus and/or response waveforms in test systems are described. 
A method of admitting a joining contribution-aware peer to a peer-to-peer network is described including receiving a plurality of system parameters at the joining peer, the plurality of system parameters further including a system resource index and calculating an entitled incoming degree value for the joining peer, the calculated entitled incoming degree reflecting a value of the system resource index. 
Also described is a bootstrap node for a contribution-aware peer-to-peer network including a processor device and a network interface device coupled to the processor device, the network interface device being adapted to be coupled to a communication network, the processor device being adapted to receive a request for potential parent peer identification information from the communication network through the network interface device and whereas the processor device is adapted to respond with a plurality of device identification values and a system parameter 
A fuel cell power plant (20) includes a variable resistive device (30). 
In one example, the variable resistive device (30) is operationally associated directly with a cell stack assembly (22). 
The controller (32) selectively varies an electrical resistance of the variable resistive device (30) responsive to an operating condition of the power plant (20). 
By using a variable resistive device, a variety of control functions are possible to address various operating conditions of the power plant (20) or the cell stack assembly (22) 
A microvolume liquid dispensing device capable of automatically dispensing a predetermined volume of a microvolume liquid placed from the outside. 
Because one surface of a main flow path (13) is gradually varied from a hydrophobic nature to a hydrophilic nature, a microvolume liquid (A) placed in the main flow path (13) can be automatically conveyed. 
One surface of a side flow path (14) is of a hydrophilic nature, so that a portion of the microvolume liquid (A) can be automatically dispensed to the side flow path (14) 
A relay box protecting structure for in the event of burst of tire (2), protecting a relay box from detached tread face. 
The relay box protecting structure comprises fender (3), relay box (6), relay box cover (7) and movement restriction member (10). 
The fender (3) is fixed to frame (1) close to the vehicle body. 
The relay box (6) is disposed superior to and posterior to inferior end (3a) of the fender (3) and is fixed close to the vehicle body. 
The relay box cover (7) is disposed superior to and posterior to the inferior end (3a) of the fender (3), having inferior surface part (8) covering the inferior surface of the relay box (6), and is fixed close to the vehicle body. 
The movement restriction member (10) is fixed to the frame (1) at a position posterior to posterior end (7a) of the relay box cover (7) and restricts movement of the relay box cover (7) toward the anterior side of the vehicle body 
A front structure for a cab-over-engine vehicle (1) has side members (10), cab mounting brackets (3), and stiffening inner reinforcements (4). 
Each cab mounting bracket (3) has a bracket base (31) placed on a front end section (15) of a side member (10) and also has a shaft support section (30) for supporting a cab (5), and the cab mounting bracket (3)is fixed to the side member (10).Each stiffening inner reinforcement (4) has a vertical wall (44) and is fixed to a side member (10). 
Each vertical wall (44) is placed between an upper plate (11) and lower plate (12) of a side member (10), below a rear end edge (36) of the bracket base (31), in the direction crossing the front-rear direction. 
When a rearward load (F) is applied to a cab mounting bracket (3), the vertical wall (44) suppresses upward bending deformation of the front end section (15) of the side member (10) 
A link (11) reaches a lock position in association with movement of a rod (9). 
A cab lock hook (12) is rotatably supported by the link (11) and, with the rotation of the link (11) in a locking direction, the cab lock hook (12) reaches the lock position to be engaged with a pin (4) on the chassis side (2). 
A switch (40) is fixed to a cab (1), and the state of the switch (40) is changed when it is pressed. 
A lock closure (60) is supported so as to be rotatable relative to the other end section of the cab (1) and is movable between a close position and a non-close position. 
The lock closure (60) at the close position engages with a rod connection shaft (27) of the link (11) with the link (11) located at the lock position and prevents movement of the link (11) in a lock release direction. 
The lock closure (60) has a switch pressing section (66) for pressing the switch (40) when the lock closure (60) reaches the close position from the non-close position 
A cab body structure has a cab front panel (10a), a cab rear panel, a pair of cab side panels (20), and a front windshield (50).When the width in the vehicle lateral direction of the cab front panel (10a) and the width in the vehicle lateral direction of the cab rear panel are set equal to each other, the pair of cab side panels (20) is placed substantially parallel to each other, and when the width in the vehicle lateral direction of the cab front panel is set greater than the width in the vehicle lateral direction of the cab front panel, the pair of cab side panels (20) is placed inclined outward in the vehicle width direction toward the rear 
A front structure for a vehicle (1) having a pair of side members (30), a first cross member (10), a bumper (60), upper projection plates (41), lower projection plates (42), and brackets (70). 
Each side member (30) has an upper plate (31) and lower plate (32) facing each other and also has a vertical plate (33) for connecting the upper plate (31) and lower plate (32). 
The first cross member (10) connects front end sections (35) of the side members (30) together. 
Each upper projection plate (41) is integrally extended forward from the upper plate (31). 
Each lower projection plate (42) is integrally extended forward from a lower plate (32) and faces the upper projection plate (41). 
Each bracket (70) has an upper fixation section (71) fixed to an upper projection plate (41), a lower fixation section (71) fixed to the lower projection plate (42), and a bumper installation hole (75) to which the bumper (60) is fixed 
A medical imaging method includes energy -resolving x-ray projection data indicative of a contrast labeled scaffold seeded with biological cells for growing tissue and reconstructing the energy-resolved projection data to generate energy-resolved image data indicative of the contrast labeled scaffold 
The invention relates to crystalline forms of 4-[3,5-bis(2-hydroxyphenyl)-[1,2,4]triazol-1- yl]benzoic acid and to its amorphous form, to processes for the preparation thereof, to compositions containing the same and their uses for the manufacture of a medicament for the treatment of the human body 
The present invention comprises formulations comprising at least one pesticide and at least one block copolymer of formula (I) wherein R<SUP>a</SUP> is branched or linear C<SUB>6</SUB>-C<SUB>24</SUB> alkyl, C<SUB>3</SUB>-C<SUB>8</SUB> cycloalkyl, C<SUB>3</SUB>-C<SUB>8</SUB> cycloalkyl substituted with C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB> alkyl, phenyl, phenyl substituted with C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB> alkyl, benzyl, benzyl substituted with C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB> alkyl, C<SUB>4</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB> alkyl substituted with C<SUB>4</SUB>-C<SUB>12</SUB> alkoxy or C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB> alkyl substituted with di (C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB> alkyl) amino; R<SUP>b</SUP> is derived from a diisocyanate and R<SUP>c</SUP> is a compound of formula Il (R<SUP>1</SUP>)<SUB>n</SUB>-X-(CHR<SUP>2</SUP>CH<SUB>2</SUB>O)<SUB>w</SUB>-(CHR<SUP>3</SUP>CH<SUB>2</SUB>O)<SUB>?</SUB>-(CHR<SUP>4</SUP>(CH<SUB>2</SUB>)<SUB>y</SUB>O)<SUB>z</SUB>- (II), in which R<SUP>1</SUP> is hydrogen, or branched or linear, saturated or unsaturated C<SUB>1-40-</SUB>alkyl; R<SUB>2</SUB>, R<SUB>3</SUB>, R<SUB>4</SUB> independently of one another are hydrogen or C<SUB>1-4-</SUB>alkyl; w, x, z independently of one another correspond to a value of from 0 to 300; y corresponds to a value of from 1 to 20; X is N or O, where n = 1 if X = O, or n = 2 if X = N; and the total of w, x and z amounts to at least 1; methods of combating harmful insects and/or phytopathogenic fungi, a method of controlling undesired vegetation and methods of improving the health of plants based on the afore-mentioned formulations 
In the case of a method of operating a power generating plant (10) which is equipped with a gas turbine (13) and is operated with a half-closed recuperated CO2 cyclic gas-turbine process, in a first step (16) a working fluid containing CO2 is compressed, in a second step the compressed working fluid is heated in a combustion chamber (18) by the combustion of a fuel (23) with pure oxygen (33) to form CO2 and H2O, in a third step the heated working fluid is expanded in a turbine (19), in a fourth step heat is extracted from the expanded working fluid in a recuperator (21), wherein the extracted heat is transferred to the compressed working fluid and the pure oxygen (33) that are flowing through the recuperator (21) in countercurrent, and in a fifth step the working fluid emerging from the recuperator (21) is returned for renewed compression, CO2 being removed from the compressed working fluid. 
The process is optimized by carrying it out at a turbine inlet temperature of between 800°C and 1150°C and with a pressure ratio of between 3 and 8 
Process for waste treatment, particularly suitable for urban solid waste which comprises the continuous operation of treating the waste in a closed enclosure, turning it and/or mixing it and subjecting it in an uninterrupted manner during its retention in the closed enclosure to a pressure over 2 bar and a temperature between 100 ºC and 200 ºC, and the discontinuous operations of subjecting to pressure, one by one, successive waste loading units and introducing them, also one by one, inside the closed treatment enclosure; extracting from the closed treatment enclosure and decompressing, also one by one, several already treated waste discharge units, compensating the small pressure and temperature losses inside the closed enclosure, whose values are maintained essentially constant 
A process for treating products comprising metals, metal salts and metalloids by plasmas for creating energy is described, which may be used in motors or generators. 
More especially, the products are preferably recycled through successive oxidizations and reductions during the implementation of the process on the basis of dynamic fundamental laws applied to plasmas. 
A treatment circuit (1) for implementation of the process is also disclosed 
A method for increasing multimedia messaging service system capacity is provided, it comprises: a message distributing device determining a first multimedia messaging service center (MMSC) node for receiving multimedia message, and forwarding the multimedia message to a relay of the first MMSC node, after it having received multimedia message; the multimedia message being transmitted to a server of the first MMSC node by the relay of the first MMSC node, and stored in the server of the first MMSC node; the server of the first MMSC node corresponding to the relay of the first MMSC relay uniquely; the server of the first MMSC node sending the multimedia message to the receipt party via the relay of the first MMSC node and the message distributing device. 
A system and a device for increasing multimedia messaging service system capacity are provided, too. 
It can increase the capacity of multimedia messaging service system handling multimedia message service with the invention 
A method, system and resilient packet ring device for avoiding loop appearance after fault recovery. 
The method includes: fault recovery node sets a delay time and transmits fault recovery notifying message to inter-ring node via two directions of RPR when the fault is recovered; the fault recovery node sets its work state as normal when the delay time has elapsed; inter-ring node sets its work state based on state condition after receiving fault recovery notifying message sent by fault recovery node within delay time, namely inter-ring node judges whether to change its own work state based on its state and other inter-ring nodes' state on RPR. 
The method, system and device resolves the loop problem when one of two fault positions situated at two sides of inter-ring node is recovered through cooperation between fault recovery node and inter-ring node 
The invention relates to microporous filter material that has a pore size of 0.1 to 10 micrometers and contains 60-80 mole percent of diatomaceous earth, 15-35 mole percent of clay, and 2-30 mole percent of one or more basic metal oxides, preferably in the form of nanoparticles. 
The invention further relates to filter cartridges containing said material, methods for the production of filter material and filter cartridges, and the use of said materials and cartridges for purifying water, particularly for eliminating viruses and/or bacteriophages 
A method of making bibs wherein an elongated web of absorbent paper is laminated with an elongated web of plastic film to form a laminated web by embossing the absorbent paper and heat sealing the embossed area with the plastic film. 
The embossed areas are in the form of an array of spaced areas of a predetermined geometry. 
A stripe of an adhesive is applied along an edge of the laminated web of absorbent paper and plastic film on the plastic film side thereof. 
The stripe of adhesive is covered with a release tape. 
The laminated web is severed transversely at predetermined longitudinal intervals to form individual bibs, which are collected. 
In a further embodiment, the bib consists of a front side and a rear side, a top and a bottom and opposite side edges. 
The bib is made from a layer of plastic and two layers of absorbent paper laminated and together. 
An adhesive is coated on the rear side of the bib adjacent it's top and extends between the opposite side edges. 
A release tape covers the adhesive. 
A pocket extends between the opposite side edges formed at the bottom of the bib on its rear side having plastic on the inside of the pocket and paper on the outside of the pocket, so that when the pocket is turned inside out it comes to the front side of the bib and maintains an opened condition. 
A method for making such a bib 
A pharmaceutical dosage form comprising non-steroidal-anti-inflammatory drugs, in particular propionic acid derivatives such as ibuprofen, along with a second active ingredient having a shorter therapeutically effective plasma concentration duration, such as phenylephrine, and methods of administering the same are provided. 
This method provides improved therapeutic effect, in particular pain relief along with decongestant relief, over extended time periods 
A switched digital video distribution infrastructure for selectively distributing transport streams each composed of encoded pictures for decoding and presentation employs a source apparatus to output a first program to a requesting destination device as a constrained bit rate transport stream, receive a program change request from the requesting destination device, and in response to the program change request, output a second program both as an unconstrained variable bit rate stream and as a constrained bit rate transport stream. 
The requesting destination device decodes the unconstrained variable bit rate transport stream, loads the second program's constrained bit rate transport stream into a decoder buffer until the decoder buffer contains sufficient data to allow the pictures of the second program's constrained bit rate transport stream to be decoded without the decoder buffer running dry. 
The destination device then commences reading the second program's constrained bit rate transport stream from the decoder buffer and decoding the pictures of the second program's constrained bit rate transport stream and discontinues decoding of the unconstrained variable bit rate transport stream 
A method for detecting large genomic rearrangements is disclosed, which is particularly useful in detecting deletions and duplications in the large genes such as BRCA1, BRCA2, MLH1 and MSH2 
Fastening systems include one or more fastening members, sliders, stop blocks and/or top stops. 
Fastening members described include a variety of inventive features, including structures associated with the head portion, transition portion, and tail portion. 
Sliders include friction reducing structures and locking features. 
Stop blocks provide bottom stops for various articles, and serve to anchor a fastening member. 
Top stops provide a containment structure for limiting slider travel. 
A variety of methods are also described 
A method for determining a property of earth formations surrounding a borehole, including the following steps: isolating a region of the borehole, and obtaining a sample of borehole fluid from the isolated region; and implementing measurements, dowhole, of the Raman scattering of electromagnetic energy directed at the fluid sample; the property of the earth formations being determinable from the measurements. 
In a disclosed embodiment, the steps of isolating a region of the borehole and obtaining a sample of borehole fluid from the isolated region include: providing a logging device in the borehole in sealing engagement with the isolated region, causing formation fluid from the isolated region to flow in a flow line of the logging device, and providing a measurement cell in the logging device which receives the sample of formation fluid via the flow line 
The present invention discloses a concept of a prepaid credit sharing group that includes a set of prepaid user accounts. 
A prepaid credit pool can be established for members of the prepaid group, where each group member is able to use credit from the pool and/or contribute credit to the pool. 
Group members can submit queries to dynamically determine credit balances available to the group. 
The prepaid group and individual accounts within the group can be centrally managed by an authorized group administrator. 
This administrator can also have authority to establish limitations and policies that are enforced for all group members 
A biological pacemaker composition for implantation into cardiac tissue includes an effective amount of interstitial cells of Cajal (ICC) to produce or conduct pacing stimuli and thereby modulate cardiac contraction. 
The biological pacemaker may be included as part of a heart pacing system that includes an implantable electric pacemaker for producing backup pacing stimuli if the at least one biological pacemaker is unable to modulate cardiac contraction at a predetermined pacing rate. 
Methods for preventing cardiac pacing or conduction dysfunction in a heart include implanting the biological pacemaker or the heart pacing system into the heart 
An automatic card handling device, automatic card handling devices within a network, and methods of use are disclosed. 
An automatic card handling device includes a shuffling apparatus with a controller and configured to deliver a set of shuffled cards, and a communication module operably coupled to the controller. 
The communication module is configured for establishing an electronic communication with a local or worldwide network and thereafter sending and receiving information related to the operation of the automatic card handling device across the network. 
A network of automatic card handling devices may include a plurality of automatic card shufflers. 
The network may also include at least one server operably coupled to the plurality of automatic card shufflers. 
In addition, the server may be operably coupled to a service center through a world-wide network 
A sterile suture anchor and insertion kit with the suture anchor having a cylindrical body portion with a generally tapered distal end portion and flat end. 
A plurality of parallel longitudinal grooves are cut into the cylindrical body and a connecting throughgoing bore is cut through the cylindrical body engaging the plurality of longitudinal grooves. 
An inserter driver is adapted to be mounted to the suture anchor, the driver comprising a handle with a drive shaft mounted to the handle, and a slideable sleeve mounted on the drive shaft which holds the suture anchor. 
A guide member comprising a handle with a hollow sleeve extending therefrom is used to hold a punch against the area on which a blind bore is formed to form the blind bore after which the inserter driver is mounted in the guide member sleeve to guide the slideable sleeve of the inserter driver and associated suture anchor into the blind bore 
A door system includes a door formed of a plurality of panels and movable between a closed position and an open position. 
Hinges join adjacent together adjacent panels. 
A reinforcing member is attached to the panels and extends substantially the longitudinal length thereof. 
At least one roller carrier may be mounted interiorly of the reinforcing member that is adapted to receive a roller assembly. 
A hinge may be directly mechanically coupled to both the roller assembly and the reinforcing member by a fastener. 
A flexible washer may be included that retains together the top and bottom leaf of the hinge prior to installation 
The present invention relates to a method for loading products onto an endless conveyor (2), for instance eggs onto a roller conveyor, comprising the successive steps, forming one single cycle, of : - supplying rows of trays (10) with a first substantially horizontal conveyor (1) to a second substantially- horizontal conveyor, wherein the second conveyor is guided at least into close proximity to the first conveyor, while trays have nests, in rows and columns, as carrier locations for said products, - taking up the separate products from at least two trays placed substantially side by side on the first conveyor in corresponding rows, and - placing the products in predetermined positions on the said second conveyor, wherein placing the products on the second conveyor takes place on one single side of said first conveyor, while the predetermined positions compose a single continuous field (B) on and over the width of the conveyor, and wherein for each following cycle, a similar field is composed that directly links up with, and forms one whole with, the fields (C) composed prior thereto. 
In a suitable manner, further, upon placement, a relative velocity of substantially V<SUB>rel</SUB> - 0 m/s can be set. 
Thus, with great advantage, upon placement on such a second conveyor, damage to delicate products, such as eggs, is prevented 
Fishways of turbine structures and gate structures for environmentally-friendly tidal power plant through which fish can pass through are provided. 
The fishway comprises sea side fishways and lake side fishways to allow fish to move between the sea side and the lake side by forming inside stuffing spaces filled with seawater for shorter construction period and concrete reduced placing quantity in a certain section of the vertical middle walls installed on the base whose the bottom part is on the marine rock to form blocks of turbine structures and gate structures in a tidal power plant, and seawater on the sea side and the lake side is flown through the front and rear of such inside stuffing space 
Provided are a connection apparatus and a connection method capable of rapidly and fixing a pre-cast deck slab with a beam. The connection apparatus includes a main body buried in the pre-cast deck slab and having a hollow part formed in an axial direction thereof! a plurality of support portions integrally formed with an outer surface of the main body, each of which has a body having a certain length and a hook integrally formed with an end of the body; a bolt having a bolt body inserted into the hollow part of the main body and a fixing hole of the beam, and a head integrally formed with an upper end of the bolt body! and a nut threadedly engaged with the bolt body of the bolt 
A computer (14) of a document analyzing device (10) sequentially creates a text corpus Ct from language materials increasing in time series at step S3, adds article information by decomposing the text data into morphemes at step S5, excludes unnecessary morphemes according to the article information at step S7, and calculates time-increasing TFIDF for each morpheme at step S11, calculates the sum (STF) of TFs up to the current corpus and the sum (S time-increasing TFIDF) of the time-increasing TFIDF at step S13 and performs residual analysis of the S time-increasing TFIDF (actually measured value) of the current corpus with the regression curve having been created in the previous corpus processing at step S17. 
The morpheme having a large positive residual value is selected as a unique word and that having a small negative residual value is selected as a common word 
A process for producing a precursor for a II-VI Group element phosphor, characterized by adding an amide compound containing a Group VI element to an aqueous liquid phase which contains an electrolyte compound comprising an inorganic acid salt or organic acid salt of a typical metal and contains a compound of a Group II element to thereby produce particles of a II-VI Group element compound semiconductor. 
By the process, a II-VI Group element compound semiconductor precursor for a phosphor can be produced as a monodisperse particulate reaction product having reduced unevenness in particle diameter. 
The particulate product is aggregates having an average particle diameter in terms of D<SUB>50</SUB> of 8-30 µm and a standard deviation of 0.01-0.2 
A mobile positioning apparatus comprises a first positioning means for positioning a mobile object by an instantaneous positioning method on the basis of observation data on a signal from a satellite, a second positioning means for positioning the mobile object by using the result of the past positioning of the mobile object and information on the speed of the mobile object, a third positioning means for positioning the mobile object by using a variable solution obtained from the result of the past positioning of the first or second means, and a control means (60) for selecting a positioning means for executing a positioning processing out of the respective positioning means. 
If the reliability of the result of the positioning of the selected positioning means is lower than a predetermined reference value, the control means selects another positioning means to execute the positioning processing 
A nonvolatile semiconductor storage device (10) is provided with a substrate (11); a lower layer electrode wiring (15) formed on the substrate (11); an interlayer insulating layer (16), which is arranged on the substrate (11) including the lower layer electrode wiring (15), and has a contact hole formed at a position facing the lower layer electrode wiring (15); a resistance variable layer (18) connected to the lower layer electrode wiring (15); and a non-ohmic element (20), which is connected to the resistance variable layer (18) and is formed on the resistance variable layer (18). 
The non-ohmic element (20) is composed of a laminated configuration of a plurality of semiconductor layers or a laminated configuration of a metal electrode layer and an insulator layer or a laminated configuration of a metal electrode layer and a semiconductor layer. 
One layer of the laminated configurations is embedded in the contact hole, and the semiconductor layer or the insulator layer among other layers of the laminated configuration has an area larger than the opening of the contact hole and is formed on the interlayer insulating layer (16) 
The invention relates to a method for eliminating disturbance using the steering system of the rear wheel of an automotive vehicle provided with two directional rear wheels and two directional front wheels. 
According to the invention, the calculator includes an adaptive corrector K for calculating the set-point of the steering angle a <SUB>ar</SUB 
The present invention relates to a formulation comprising (a) at least one pesticide; and (b) at least one non-ionic surfactant of formula (I): R<SUP>1</SUP>-O-(AO)<SUB>x</SUB>-(H); wherein R<SUP>1</SUP> represents straight-chain or branched alkyl having 4 to 20 carbon atoms; AO is ethyleneoxy, propyleneoxy or a mixture of ethyleneoxy and propyleneoxy; and x correspond to values from 2 to 30; and (c) at least one ionic tristyrylphenyl alkoylate; and (d) at least one oil; and (e) water, wherein the pesticide is present in the aqueous phase in form of a suspension and the oil is essentially free of pesticide 
A cooling system (10) for cooling an aircraft device (12) comprises an evaporator (14, 16, 18) for receiving a fluid (F) which is to be evaporated, a first adsorber (24) which contains a medium (28) for the adsorption of the fluid (F) which is evaporated in the evaporator (14, 16, 18), as well as a second adsorber (26) which contains a medium for the adsorption of the fluid (F) which is evaporated in the evaporator (14, 16, 18). 
A control system (22) is adapted to establish or to interrupt a fluid connection between the evaporator (14, 16, 18) and the first and/or the second adsorber(s) (24, 26) 
The invention relates to the field of blood treatment appliances, such as hemodialysis appliances. 
The aim of the invention is to improve a standard blood treatment appliance in such a way that a certain individualisation of the place of treatment is enabled without, or with only low, additional expenditure, in order to render the treatment surroundings more pleasant for a patient to be treated using said appliance. 
The inventive blood treatment appliance (10) therefore comprises a control unit (16) which is configured in such a way that image files transmitted and/or indicated via a data interface can be reproduced on the screen (13) of the blood treatment appliance during a blood treatment. 
The invention also relates to an external storage means (20) for connecting to the data interface (15), and to a combination of the blood treatment appliance (10) and the external storage means (20) 
A communication terminal and a call holding method are provided. 
The communication terminal comprises: an acquisition unit (51) for obtaining the switching indication command, the command instructs to make the opposing communication terminal, which has built up a calling dialogue connection path to the local communication terminal, switch between a calling status and a call holding status; an switching unit (54) for making said opposing communication terminal switch between a calling status and a call holding status base upon the switching indication command. 
This invention may improve the call-holding-based compatibility between communication terminals and switching device, and it is also convenient to operate indeed 
A multiple access technique for a wireless communication system establishes separate channels by defining different time intervals for different channels. 
In a transmitted reference system different delay periods may be defined between transmitted reference pulses and associated data pulses for different channels. 
In addition, a multiple access technique may employ a common reference pulse for multiple channels in a transmitted reference system. 
Another multiple access technique assigns different pulse repetition periods to different channels. 
One or more of these techniques may be employed in an ultra-wide band system 
A method for accessing content is provided. 
In the method, information from a first memory device is retrieved. 
A parameter is generated based on the information and an account on a second memory device is accessed based on the parameter. 
The second memory device is configured to store the content and the account is associated with the content. 
The first and second memory devices are configured to be removably coupled to a computing device. 
A memory device is also provided comprising a memory and a memory controller. 
The memory controller is configured to encrypt information stored in the memory to define a parameter and access an account on a second memory device based on the parameter to gain access to content. 
The content is stored in the second memory device and the memory device and the second memory device are configured to be removably coupled to a computing device 
A system for processing large quantities of a reaction medium while maintaining the reaction medium in sheets. 
The system includes a reactor having a plurality of vertically-spaced downwardly-sloped trays over which the reaction medium flows while it is subjected to reaction conditions. 
The slope of the trays increases downwardly to accommodate for the increased viscosity of the reaction medium while the reaction medium flows downwardly through the reactor. 
An upper portion of the trays have a uni-directional configuration, while a lower portion of the trays have a bi-directional configuration. 
Further, the orientation of flow across the uni-directional trays is rotated by 90 degrees in at least one location as the reaction medium flows down the uni-directional trays 
To provide appropriate information with the ordinary behavior patterns of individual users taken into account. 
A behavior history information collecting part (160) collects, as behavior history information (H) indicative of behavior patterns specific to individual members, histories of actual behaviors of the members one after another, and stores them as past behavior histories into a behavior history information storing part (120). 
A requested information providing part (130) extracts, in response to a request from a particular member, provision information meeting the request from among much provision information (D) stored in a provision information storing part (110), and then provides the extracted provision information to a mobile terminal apparatus (10) of the member via the internet (100). 
When the provision information is provided to the member, an expected behavior predicting part (150) refers to the behavior history information (H) in the behavior history information storing part (120), thereby predicting, as an expected behavior, a behavior that can be expected to be executed after a behavior related to the provided provision information. 
An additional information providing part (140) extracts, from the provision information storing part (110), provision information related to the expected behavior and provides the extracted provision information to the mobile terminal apparatus (10) of the member 
A process for producing a fullerene derivative, comprising the organic group addition step (A) of reacting at least a Grignard reagent and a polar substance with fullerene or a fullerene derivative so as to attain addition of an organic group, thereby obtaining a fullerene derivative resulting from addition of a hydrogen atom and the organic group; and the organic group addition step (B) of further reacting at least a basic compound and a halogen compound with the fullerene derivative so as to attain addition of an organic group 
It is an object of the present invention to collect a scarce metal such as iridium from a light-emitting element which is no longer used. 
A method for collecting a metal is provided in which an organic metal compound which can emit visible light from a triplet excited state at room temperature is heated, or an EL layer of a light-emitting layer containing an organic metal compound which can emit visible light from a triplet excited state at room temperature is dissolved in a solvent to form a solution, and the solution is heated, irradiated with microwaves or treated with acid water. 
According to the above method, resources of metals such as iridium or platinum, which are scarce metals, can be utilized efficiently 
Conventionally, electric discharge lamp operating devices capable of dimming the discharge lamp of hot-cathode type have been provided. 
However, as the tube current is decreased, the temperature of the filament lowers. 
As the tube current is further decreased, the electric discharge cannot be sustained, moving striations appear, and the discharge lamp flickers. 
Conventional examples require a power supply for controlling the tube current of the electric discharge lamp of hot-cathode type and a power supply for controlling the filament current, thereby causing a problem that the circuit becomes complex, the number of components increases, and the manufacturing cost rises. 
To solve the problem, an electric discharge lamp of the invention comprises an oscillation control circuit for determining the frequency with the RC time constant, an LC series resonance circuit connected to a half-bridge circuit operating at the frequency, and a circuit for operating the electric discharge tube by connecting one ends of the hot-cathode filament at the ends of the electric discharge lamp of hot-cathode type parallel to a resonance capacitor and connecting a capacitor in series to the other ends of the filament of the electric discharge tube. 
Continuous dimming of the tube current is realized by varying the oscillation frequency with a DC dimming control voltage by using a variable-capacitance diode 
A game system comprises a game machines enabling the players to more evenly play a two-person game by displaying characters having ability values in the game on a monitor irrespective of the numbers of character cards which the players have respectively and a sever device collecting information on the game situation of the game played on the game machines and reflecting the results acquiring by the collected information on the two-person game. 
The server device has an acquiring section for acquiring the states of use of the types of the character cards in each game, a conversion value calculating section for calculating a conversion value to decrease the difference of the ability values corresponding to the types of character cards according to the type of the character card depending on the amount of use information acquired, and a communication control section for transmitting the conversion values to the game machines. 
Each of the game machines has an imaging section for reading the type of a character card and an ability value calculating section for converting the original ability values into new ability values. 
With this, game characters are made to fight by using the converted ability values 
A discharge lamp lighting apparatus comprises a bridge type rectifying/converting circuit (CR1); feedback circuits (FB1,FB2); a chopper circuit (CR2); a charging circuit (CR3); a resonant circuit (CR4) that resonates with a high frequency signal to light, with a resonance voltage, a discharge lamp (DL) connected to an output terminal of the resonant circuit (CR4); an inverter circuit (CR5) that converts a DC power, which is charged into the charging circuit by an alternately switching operation of a pair of switching elements (Q1,Q2), to a high frequency AC power; and a switching means (SW) that is connected between a junction (J3) of capacitors (C1,C2) of the charging circuit and a junction (J2) of a pair of rectifying elements (D1,D2). 
It is arranged that the switching elements be shared by the step-up chopper circuit and the inverter circuit and their duties be varied within a predetermined range, thereby coping with various variations of the power supply voltage 
It is described a bond pad structure and a method for producing the same, the bond pad structure (1), comprising: a substrate (3) having a surface (17)to be electrically contacted; a first isolator layer (5) contacting the surface (17) of the substrate in a first region (a); a first metal layer (9) contacting the surface (17) of the substrate (3) in a second region (b) adjacent the first region (a) and partly overlapping the first isolator layer (5); a second isolator layer (11) at least partly overlapping the first isolator layer (5) and the first metal layer (9); a second metal layer (13) at least partly overlapping the second isolator layer (11) in the second region (b); wherein a maximum thickness (U) of the second metal layer (13) perpendicular to the surface (17) of the substrate (3) is smaller than a maximum thickness (t0) of the first isolator layer (5) perpendicular to the surface (17) of the substrate (3). 
The surface of the second isolator layer forming the highest level provides scratching protection for the bond pad structure 
An I-CreI variant or a single-chain derivative having at least one substitution in one of the two functional subdomains of the LAGLIDADG core domain situated from positions 26 to 40 and 44 to 77 of I-CreI, and being able to cleave a DNA target sequence from the HPRT gene having a nucleotide sequence of SEQ ID NO: 1 to 14. 
Use of said variant for inducing a site-specific modification in the HPRT gene, for therapeutic (gene therapy of Lesch-Nyhan syndrome) or non-therapeutic purpose (engineering of transgenic animals and recombinant cell lines) 
A media center (20) for sharing audio and/or visual (AJV) files among a plurality of mobile devices (22a,..., 22e). 
The media center includes digital storage for storing A/V files; a wireless local or personal area network transceiver for receiving A/V files transmitted from the mobile devices and storing the received A/V files in the digital storage; and a registration section for automatically soliciting registration of mobile devices within the wireless network in order to participate in sharing A/V files 
There is described an imidazole for the treatment of an infection caused or contributed to by microorganisms resistant to antibiotics. 
There is also described a method of treating a patient suffering from an infection caused or contributed to by microorganisms resistant to antibiotics, said method comprising the step of administering an effective amount of an imidazole 
The invention relates to polyphenylenepolymethylene polyisocyanates (B) comprising (B1) the 2-ring product of polyphenylenepolymethylene polyisocyanate (B2) the 3-ring product of polyphenylenepolymethylene polyisocyanate (B3) the 4-ring product of polyphenylenepolymethylene polyisocyanate (B4) the 5-ring product of polyphenylenepolymethylene polyisocyanate, wherein the constituents (B2), (B3) and (B4) are, at a content of (B1) up to 55% by weight, based on the weight of (B), present in a weight ratio of (B2) : (B3) : (B4) of 8 ± 4 : 3.5 ± 1.8 : 1.2 ± 0.9 and the component (B) comprises at least 85% by weight, based on the weight of the component (B), of the constituents (B1), (B2), (B3) and (B4) 
Disclosed is a turbine blade (1) with a blade root (2), an aerofoil (4), at least one cooling passage (5) arranged in the turbine blade (1) and extending from the blade root (2) to the aerofoil (4), and a liner (6) arranged in the at least one cooling passage (5) for protecting the cooling passage 10 (5) against corrosion, especially type II hot corrosion 
The invention relates to a method and an associated device for regulating the speed of a motor vehicle (18), wherein the device is provided with an object detection system (3). 
The target speed is determined as a function of at least one preceding motor vehicle within the evaluation range (20) of the object detection system. 
If an upcoming change of lane of the regulated motor vehicle (18) is detected, additionally motor vehicles on the neighboring target lane (R) are taken into consideration for the calculation of the target speed in that the evaluation range (20) is expanded in the direction of the target lane (21) and only the motor vehicles on the target lane are taken into consideration, whose distance (dx1, dx2) to the regulated motor vehicle is smaller than a predetermined distance value. 
Additionally, the evaluation range (22) on the side opposite to the target lane (L) can be reduced during the change of lane 
The invention relates to a method for the preparation of a catalyst suitable for the polymerisation of an olefin by contacting a magnesium compound with a halogenized group 4 or 5 metal compound, wherein the magnesium compound is obtained by the reaction of a solution of an organomagnesium compound with a silicon mixture or compound, characterized in that (a) the organomagnesium compound solution is obtained by contacting metallic magnesium Mg with an aromatic halide RX and an ether R<SUP>0</SUP>, wherein R is an aromatic group containing 6 to 20 carbons and X is a halide, and (b) the silicon mixture or compound is the product obtained by mixing or reacting a hydrocarbyl halide silane with an alkoxy group or aryloxy group containing silane compound 
The invention relates to a circuit board comprising at least one additional electrically conductive structure that is in the form of a round or rectangular electrically conductive wiring element, in particular in the form of an elongate copper element or element containing copper, that is brought into contact with copper film elements by ultrasound on at least one part on the surface on the copper film elements and is integrated into the circuit board by means of a lamination process. 
The at least one elongate wiring element has a cross-section that is deformed by means of a specifically formed sonotrode in a contact area that is flat in parts, such that the contact surfaces are at least 20%, in particular more than 30% and more particularly more than 50% greater in a non-deformed contact surface. 
The wiring element is further deformed in the cross-section in an approximately triangular like manner or in a trapezoidal manner thus increasing the contact surface. 
Also, the elongate wiring element in brought into contact at defined intervals in a flat manner on a conductive film element that is arranged therebelow 
The invention relates to a vehicle lamp system having a vehicle lamp (BL), having a device (ESR) which is designed to determine the current direction (ASR) of incidence of sunlight, and having a control device (STE) which is designed in such a way that the luminous flux of the vehicle lamp (BL) is automatically changed based on the current direction of incidence of sunlight 
The invention relates to a method and a system for the optimized storage and processing of process values of a technical process or a technical installation in a historian server (1) which is preferably integrated into a process control system of a technical installation or of a technical process. 
The method and system according to the invention are characterized in that a dedicated signal cache (2) is associated with every process value for its raw values provided by the process. 
The raw values provided by the process are stored in the respective signal caches (2) and additional internal signal-individual aggregate accumulators (11) for the desired aggregates are associated with every raw value. 
The aggregate accumulators (11) are incrementally modified for the defined interval accordingly when a new raw value is received 
A measurement accessory with multiple transmission-reflections uses for an infrared spectrometer, laid accessory is arranged in the sample cavity of the infrared spectrometer. 
Said accessory includes two parallel plan mirrors (7, 8) and a sample holder fixed between the two mirrors (7, 8). 
Said sample holder can fix the sample piece (9) between the two plan mirrors (7, 8) and make the sample piece parallel with plan mirrors (7, 8). 
During measuring, the infrared ray emitted from infrared spectrometer (17) forms a certain angle incident to the space between said plan mirrors and reflects for several times between the two parallel plane mirrors (7,8) and the sample piece (9) is measured with multiple transmission-reflections by the infrared ray. 
Then the infrared ray (20) enters into the detector of infrared spectrometer 
A device for cleaning and storing a mouthguard, including two main chambers shaped for receiving and holding a mouthguard. 
One of the main chambers has a sealable lid for retaining disinfecting liquid and the other main chamber has vents to allow water to drain away, and to allow air flow for drying the mouthguard 
Nutritional food oil compositions containing all of the essential fatty acids and the highly recommended omega-3 fatty acid DHA in correct proportions making it convenient and easy for consumers to supplement their diets with these fatty acids in the proper amounts, thereby deriving the health benefits of these fatty acids. 
A nutritional food oil composition is provided comprising alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and linoleic acid (LA), wherein the ratio of the amount of ALA to LA in the composition by weight is in the range of 1.5:1 to 6:1, and together the ALA and LA comprise at least 65% by weight of the composition, and docahexaenoic acid (DHA) from an algal source in an amount greater than 0.5% by weight of the composition 
The present invention provides a system and a method for analyzing activity of people in a area of interest of people in a space. 
Continuous raw video imagery is received from one or more sensors placed in a pre-defined regions of the space. 
This imagery' is analyzed to determine basic characteristics of the behavior and/or activity of people in its field-of-view, such as position. movement, etc. Useful data and metrics can be computed based on the results of imagery analysis. 
The data analysis results can be provided as a response to user's request or as a running report. 
Data analysis can optionally combine imagery analysis results with secondary information 
An exception event recorder and analysis system are provided which includes vehicle mounted sensors and a vehicle event recorder for capturing both discrete and non-discrete data and a discretization facility database, and analysis server conducted by a computer network. 
Event data is captured when the vehicle is involved in a crash or other anomaly (an 'event'). 
Non-discrete data, such as video is analyzed and interpreted automatically and/manually to provide supplemental discrete data characterizing the event. 
Interpreted data is combined with captured data and inserted into a database in a structure which is searchable and which supports logical or mathematical automated analysis. An analysis server tests stored data for predetermined conditions and, initiates further appropriate actions based on the tests 
A system for, method of and computer program product captures performance-characteristic data from the execution of a program and models system performance based on that data. 
Performance-characterization data based on easily captured reuse distance metrics is targeted, defined as the total number of memory references between two accesses to the same piece of data. 
Methods for efficiently capturing this kind of metrics are described. 
These data can be refined into easily interpreted performance metrics, such as performance data related to caches with LRU replacement and random replacement strategies in combination with fully associative as well as limited associativity cache organizations. 
Methods for assessing cache utilization as well as parallel execution are covered 
An extensible RNA-based framework for engineering ligand-controlled gene regulatory systems, called ribozyme switches, that exhibit tunable regulation, design modularity, and target specificity is provided. 
These switch platforms typically contain a sensor domain, comprised of an aptamer sequence, and an actuator domain, comprised of a hammerhead ribozyme sequence, A variety of modes of standardized information transmission between these domains can be employed, and this application demonstrates a mechanism that allows for the reliable and modular assembly of functioning synthetic hammerhead ribozyme switches and regulation of ribozyme activity in response to various effectors. 
In some embodiments aptamer-regulated cis-acting hammerhead ribozymes are provided 
Packages for multiple goods containers are secured by tensioned straps into integrated, load bearing, stackable units for palletizing, storage and supply-line service. 
Rigid, semi-rigid and flexible containers, including multi-tiered tubs are accommodated by the system. 
Cardboard usage is reduced 40 to 50 percent. 
Die-cut spacers, flaps and occlusions, and dividers separate the containers, giving frictional integration under strapped compression. 
Cruciform spacers enable reductions in stock gauge. 
Packages are ventilated, for goods identification and cooling. 
L-section rolled stock makes simple, strong, ventilated bases and caps. 
Re -usable plastic trays can form cap and base portions of the package 
A recycled insulation material includes plastic and/or rubber shredded or chopped up into individual pieces having random or semi-random sizes and lengths that when combined together create random or semi-random air-pockets in-between many of the individual pieces. 
The shredded or chopped up plastic and/or rubber pieces in combination with the air-pockets are configured to operate as an insulation filler for a variety of different panels, forms, pipes, conduits or any other item that requires insulation 
A method of determining a trajectory of an arc motion of a wire used in the formation of a wire loop is provided. 
The arc motion is between a first point (A) and a second point (B) of the trajectory. 
The method includes: (1) defining a pivot point with respect to the first point and the second point; (2) determining a plurality of data points for generating the trajectory, each of the data points including a radius value and an angle value as a function of time, each of the angle values being between (a) a first angle defined by the pivot point and the first point (A), and (b) a second angle defined by the pivot point and the second point (B); and (3) converting the plurality of data points into trajectory data that may be used by a wire bonding machine 
A display system (800) provides a first semiconductor light source (530) that is electrically connected in a first plane (529). 
A second semiconductor light source (534) is electrically connected in a second plane (533) separate from the first plane (529). 
A third semiconductor light source (532) is electrically connected in the first plane (529) at least a distance (312) away from the first semiconductor light source (530) equal to the width of the second semiconductor light source (534). 
The first plane (529) and the second plane (533) are merged into a combined plane (535) by positioning the electrically connected second semiconductor light source (534) between the electrically connected first semiconductor light source (530) and the electrically connected third semiconductor light source (532) 
A water-stable semiconductor nanocrystal complex and methods of making the same are provided. 
The water-stable semiconductor nanocrystal complex includes a semiconductor nanocrystal composition, a surfactant layer, and an outer layer. 
The outer layer and/or the surfactant layer can be cross-linked 
A pump drive for a vehicle transmission pump. 
A transmission input torque member is operable to carry prime mover torque. 
A source of pump torque includes a pump input torque member circumscribing the transmission input torque member to apply torque to the transmission pump. 
An overrunning clutch is interposed between the pump input torque member and the transmission input torque member to carry the prime mover torque from the transmission input torque member to the pump torque output member 
This invention relates to a front electrode or contact for use in an electronic device such as a photovoltaic device. 
In certain example embodiments, the front electrode of the photovoltaic device includes a highly conductive metal film and a thin high work-function buffer layer. 
The high-work function buffer layer is located between the metal film and the uppermost semiconductor layer so as to provide for substantial work-function matching between the metal film and the high work-function uppermost semiconductor layer so as to reduce a potential barrier for holes extracted from the device by the front electrode/contact. 
Optionally, a layer such as a transparent conductive oxide (TCO) or a dielectric may be provided between a front glass substrate and the metal film 
A pump (42) for a combustion engine (12) is disclosed. 
The pump may have at least one pumping member (56) movable through a plurality of displacement strokes during a single engine cycle. 
The pump may also have a controller (98) in communication with the at least one pumping member. 
The controller may have stored in a memory thereof a map relating a speed of the combustion engine and fuel demand to a contribution factor associated with each of the plurality of displacement strokes and a total fuel delivery amount 
A sterile suture anchor and drive kit with the suture anchor having a cylindrical body portion with a generally tapered distal end portion and a screw thread extending along a cylindrical body portion. 
A plurality of parallel longitudinal grooves are cut into the cylindrical body interrupting opposed portions of the screw thread and a connecting groove is cut through the distal end portion of the suture anchor engaging the plurality of longitudinal grooves. 
A closed suture loop is mounted in the longitudinal grooves and the connecting groove. 
A driver is adapted to be mounted to the suture anchor, the driver comprising a handle with a tube mounted to the handle, the tube being provided with outwardly extending drive tip members adapted to be inserted into the suture anchor longitudinal grooves to engage the groove side walls of the suture anchor to apply driving torque to the suture anchor 
One aspect of the invention relates to a method for preparing a thermoplastic resin, which comprises continuously polymerizing a mixed raw material comprising a (meth)acrylic acid alkylester, an aromatic vinyl monomer and a unsaturated nitrile monomer in a series reactors while controlling the conversion of each reactor to be about 40 % or less. 
Another aspect of the invention relates to a transparent ABS resin composition which employs the thermoplastic resin as a matrix resin 
A SAW based chipless passive tag includes a dipole antenna, a SAW based IDT, and a plurality of reflectors, which are provided on a cellulose paper, so that a reader can read iden¬ tification information of an object 
Provided herein are chemical mechanical polishing (CMP) slurries and methods for producing the same. 
Embodiments of the invention include CMP slurries that include (a) a metal oxide; (b) a pH-adjusting agent; (c) a fluorinated surfactant; and (d) a quaternary ammonium surfactant. 
In some embodiments, the fluorinated surfactant is a non-ionic perfluoroalkyl sulfonyl compound. 
Also provided herein are methods of polishing a polycrystalline silicon surface, including providing a slurry composition according to an embodiment of the invention to a polycrystalline silicon surface and performing a CMP process to polish the polycrystalline silicon surface 
The present invention provides a data searching method enabling an integrated search of various types of a data included in a mobile terminal, an output method and a management method of a search result, the mobile terminal and a search system wherein a metadata obtained by normalizing various data such as a menu, a phone number, a document file, a multimedia file, a PIMS information, a message, a content carrying out a function included in the mobile terminal according to a characteristic of each data. 
A searching method of a portable terminal in accordance with the present invention comprises receiving a search term inputted through a user interface of the portable terminal; searching one or more metadata containing the search term for each of the one or more metadata when the search term is received, the one or more metadata describing a characteristic of each of raw data; and showing the one or more searched metadata as a search result. 
There are included a wireless communication station that transmits a wireless signal including information used for designating a condition of the other end of wireless communication; and another wireless communication station that receives the wireless signal from the wireless communication station and that transmits a response wireless signal when the status of the other wireless communication station meets the condition designated by the information included in the received wireless signal 
It is possible to provide a user-friendly non-contact charge system capable of reducing the power consumption and improving the safety countermeasure and an electronic device used in the system a non-contact charger, and a battery pack for the electronic device. 
The non-contact charge system includes a mobile telephone (100) as an electronic device and a non-contact charger (200) for charging the mobile telephone (100) in the non-contact method. 
The mobile telephone (100) transmits a full charge command indicating that the charge is complete. 
Upon reception of the full charge command, the non-contact charger (200) enters a charge stop state not charging the mobile telephone (100). 
In the charge stop state, a load confirmation signal is generated to confirm whether the mobile telephone (100) is placed on the non-contact charger (200) in a chargeable state. 
Furthermore, in the charge stop state, the non-contact charger (200) generates and transmits a charge restart confirmation command to decide whether the mobile telephone (100) requests for recharge 
A method is provided for forming thermoplastic material (30) using rotary forging. 
A volume of a thermoplastic material is delivered. 
The thermoplastic material is transported between a first rotating forging device (40) and a second rotating forging device (50). 
The first forging device defines a first forging region in its surface (42), which receives the thermoplastic material. 
The thermoplastic material is at or above a forging temperature and flows into the first void region and shapes a core element from the thermoplastic material. 
The thermoplastic material is substantially solidified into the core element (70). 
Then, the core element is transferred from the first rotating forging device 
The device made in a resorbable material intended to be placed in urethra for Treatment of stricture has the shape of a tube 1, the wall of which has offices 2 
The invention relates to a device for automatic under-water welding for making a welding joint (3) on a surface (2), of the type comprising a welding torch (20) including an electrode (21) surrounded by a protection envelope (23) that defines together with said electrode (21) an annular channel (24) connected to means for supplying a protection gas. 
The welding torch (20) is provided axially at the centre of a set (30) of two concentric envelopes (31, 32), one of which at least is capable of axial displacement and can be adjusted relative to said surface (2), said envelopes defining between them an annular gap (34) for injecting a flow for drying the welding area and keeping it away from the water 
The invention relates to a method for producing an x-ray image during a mammography of a breast, wherein the breast is fixed in a holding device. 
The breast is x-rayed to produce a first x-ray image. The first x-ray image is evaluated for determining a condition for a second use of x-ray. The breast is x-rayed depending on the condition to produce a second x-ray image 
The invention relates to compositions for reductive colour removal, said compositions containing at least one adsorption agent in a cosmetic carrier, in addition to at least one reducing agent, and being suitable for the cosmetic decolouration of coloured substrates such as skin or fibres containing keratin, for example human hair. 
The removal of colour using said agents can be intensified by the inventive combination, and a darkening of the decoloured substrate stemmed 
The invention relates to an operating point (1) of a textile machine producing cross-wound bobbins. Said operating point (1) comprises a creel (22) for mounting the cross-wound bobbin (8), a bobbin driving roll (23) for rotating the cross-wound bobbin, and thread treatment and handling devices for processing and handling a thread that is to be wound onto the cross-wound bobbin. 
According to the invention, the operating point (1) encompasses components which are directly or indirectly connected to the running thread and are made entirely or in part of an electrically conductive plastic 
A system and method for the integration of lead frame technology within an electro-mechanical switching device. 
An integrated thermostat system can be formed, which includes a lead frame substrate, at least one electro-mechanical lead frame configured upon said lead frame substrate, and an electro-mechanical switching device associated with the electro-mechanical lead frame, wherein the electro-mechanical lead frame is integrated with said electro-mechanical switching device within said electro-mechanical switching device. 
A thermal response component is generally associated with said electro-mechanical switching device 
One embodiment of a shock and launch apparatus comprises a first carriage and a second carriage adapted to move along a carriage guide, wherein the first carriage has a mass Mi greater than a mass M2 of the second carriage; the carriage guide, associated with a substantially linear path of movement of the first and second carriages; and a carriage stop, capable of being positioned at a first position and a second position, wherein the carriage stop in the first position is at least partially in the path of movement of the second carriage. 
In one embodiment, the carriage stop in the second position is not in the path of movement of the second carriage. 
One embodiment of a method comprises providing a velocity-reversing impact to the first carriage; providing a plurality of velocity-amplifying impacts between the second carriage and the first carriage after the velocity-reversing impact to the first carriage, providing a plurality of velocity-reversing impacts between the second carriage and the carriage stop in the first position; and changing the position of the carriage stop to the second position 
The present invention is directed toward a suspension system for mounting an exhaust duct liner within an exhaust duct of a gas turbine engine. 
An exhaust liner suspension system comprises a hanger, a bracket and a coil pin. 
The hanger comprises a first end for connecting with an exhaust duct and a second end having a hinge pin socket. 
The bracket comprises a base for connecting with an exhaust duct liner and a pedestal having a hinge pin bore. 
The coil pin is insertable in the hinge pin socket and the hinge pin bore thereby pivotably connecting the hanger and the bracket. 
The coil pin also provides a dampened connection between the hanger and the bracket 
In wireless devices for transmitting/receiving at least one of broadcasting, communication and controlling, a wireless network protocol transmits repeatedly data structure with a certain period in a unit of the same cycle, and maintains synchronization of the devices in a unit of the same cycle. 
As a result, a frequency hopping is performed in a unit of a cycle. 
Here, length of the cycle is set to below 20msec so that a buffer used for transmitting/receiving a broadcasting signal and a voice/data communication has length of below 20msec. Cycles form a network cycle. 
Control frames included in the cycles in the network cycle are differently assigned in accordance with their use, and so the control frames may be used for various controls. 
A payload frame in the cycle used by a user may be set freely in the range of length of the cycle. 
In addition, the user may set optionally transmission direction, transmission velocity, transmission output power, etc in a unit of a frame and use the buffer in a unit of the frame. 
As a result, a user interface may be set simply 
The present invention relates to an overload control device and a method thereof in a mobile communication system, more specifically to an overload control device and a method thereof in a radio network controller. 
In accordance with an embodiment of the present invention can include a load measuring unit, measuring a load of a radio network controller every predetermined time; an overload determining unit, determining whether an overload is generated by comparing the measured load with a predetermined critical value; a parameter setting unit, setting a parameter of a call admission ratio according to an overload level if the overload is generated as the result of determining, the call admission ratio indicating a ratio of a maximum transmitting output as compared with an admitted transmitting output of a base station; and a call connection setting control unit, transmitting to the radio network controller a call connection setting signal to limit new call connection setting of a base station having a total transmitting output value which is larger than an admitted transmitting output value set by the parameter of the call admission ratio of the base station among all base stations pertained to the radio network controller 
A method of transferring a contact lens (310) from a first location to a primary package (330) includes transferring the contact lens (310) with an intermediate transfer member (300) to the primary package (330), wherein the transfer member (300) is sealed in the primary package (330) with the contact lens (310). 
Additionally, according to another of many exemplary embodiments, a system for transferring a contact lens (310) to a primary package (330) includes a contact lens (310) and a transfer member (300) associated with the contact lens (310), wherein an automated lens transfer device (258) is configured to couple the contact lens (310) and the lens transfer member (300) 
The application relates to call centres and in particular to a system and method to provide feedback to an agent during the course of a call. Existing feedback methods practiced in conjunction with prior art Quality Monitoring systems are performed off-line, in the sense that they never occur during a call. 
The proposed system uses existing modules for Quality Monitoring (70) for the evaluation of agents skills and/or of compliance with business processes and a database for storing the results of the evaluation in the form of a plurality of profiles of performance. 
In addition, the proposed system employs a Call Analysis System- (30) connected to the database and with the software applications (12), for retrieving the profile of performance associated with an agent and for providing feedback by generating and transmitting a visual or textual or audio input regarding corrective and/or preventive action (s) required during the current interaction, to an agent terminal (5A, 5B), based on the performance profile, and/or on acquired real-time call-based information, as defined by predetermined criteria 
An assembly, in particular for interfacing an embedded element, in particular a waveguide, at the surface of a substrate, such as a composite panel which forms part of a vehicle, typically an aircraft, to an external module, consolidation tooling for mounting an assembly to a substrate, and a method of mounting an assembly to a substrate 
A dye transfer inhibition product comprises a container containing a dye transfer inhibition composition. 
The container is formed by the closing of a sachet formed from a water permeable water insoluble web. 
The sachet comprises a flexible body of at least 10mm in one dimension and 10mm in another direction 
There is described a misfuelling prevention system (1) which comprises a transceiver (2) adapted to emit a pre-set radiofrequency signal, and a radiofrequency reflector (8), the transceiver (2) also being coupled with an alarm 
A method of recovering oil from a subterranean formation which includes an association production well involves contacting oil in the formation with a treatment fluid formulation which includes polyvinylalcohol and collecting oil which is being contacted with said treatment fluid formulation by said production well. 
Use of the polyvinylalcohol, optionally in combination with other materials, facilitates recovery of oil from subterranean formation, particularly those involving medium or high viscosity oils 
The compounds and the synthesis of [F-18]-labeled L-glutamic acid, [F-18]-labeled L-glutamate, derivatives thereof of the formula (I) and uses thereof are described 
The present invention relates to the use of cationic colloidal compositions for the targeted delivery of an active compound to an inflammatory site or an activated vascular site for the preparation of a medicament for the treatment of MS and in general for all CNS or PNS inflammatory neurodegenerative and demyelinating diseases and for diagnostic applications of such compositions 
A solid or aqueous alkaline preparation comprising a creatine component which comprises a buffer system which adjusts a pH of from 8.0 to 12.0 is described. 
The creatine is better protected with the aid of the buffer system from conversion into creatinine in the stomach. 
It has additionally emerged, surprisingly, that the novel formulations display a distinctly higher bioavailability and are thus taken up better by cells. 
Finally, the preparation of the invention has very good organoleptic properties, which in fact likewise could not be predicted. 
Owing to these particular advantages, the preparation of the invention is outstandingly suitable as dietary supplements, restoratives, medicinal products and feedstuffs 
Disclosed is a vehicle display system comprising a display device, a partially permeable element, and an optical system. 
Also disclosed is a method for operating a vehicle display system. 
According to the invention, the vehicle display system can generate a virtual image on a second side of the partially permeable element for a viewer located on a first side of the partially permeable element, the second side lying opposite the first side. Light that is to be transmitted to the first side through the partially permeable element has a polarization state that is different from the polarization state of light that is to be reflected onto the second side on the partially permeable element 
The present invention relates to an immunological method and, more particularly, a method for measuring cell-mediated immune reactivity (CMI) in mammals based on the production of CCL8.The invention further discloses an assay and a kit for measuring CMI to an antigen using whole blood or other suitable biological samples. 
The methods of the present invention are useful in therapeutic and diagnostic protocols for human, livestock and veterinary and wild life applications, thus the invention further relates to a method for diagnosing an infection in a mammal 
A light source includes a light emitting diode (LED) module (100) having a continuous substrate (104), a layer of n-type semiconductor material formed above the substrate, and a layer of p-type semiconductor material formed above the n-type semiconductor materials. The p-type and n-type semiconductor materials are selected to emit light at the p-n junction when an electric current flows through the p-n junction. 
The LED module (100) includes a plurality of electric contacts (112) connected to the p-type semiconductor material, and at least one electric contact (118) connected to the n-type semiconductor material. The electric contacts are configured to pass electric current through a plurality of regions in the p-n junction such that the plurality of regions have higher electric current densities and emit light brighter than areas outside of the plurality of regions 
A method for numbering the working traffic on the path protection ring in which an corresponding ID is distributed for each node on the protection ring and a direction is specified on the protection ring includes the steps of: a node on the ring determining having an add/drop working traffic in the local node on the downstream area of the specified direction, then sending a notice message containing the corresponding ID of the node to the downstream nodes on the specified direction; after the nodes on the ring receiving the notice message, determining the local node having an add/drop working traffic on the downstream area of the inverse direction of the specified direction, then numbering the working traffic according to the ID in the notice message. 
The method can automatically number the traffic on the ODUk protection ring and dynamically adjust it so as to arrive at the requirement of the ODUk protection switching 
A connecting structure for ladders, which is used to combine single ladders into a stepladder, comprises a connecting block (2) to be fixed on one single ladder (1) and a locking member (4) to be fixed on the other single ladder (3). 
The connecting block (2) and the locking member (4) are respectively provided with a protruding member (23) and a recess (24) which are pivoted together by a stairstepping hinge shaft (5), and a location pin (10) is set at the step (15) of the hinge shaft (5) for fixing 
A controlled porous osmotic pump tablet of high permeable drugs and the preparation method thereof. 
The tablet does not need to be drilled with laser, and provides controlled porosity for drug release by adding pore-forming agents into the semipermeable membrane. 
In specific embodiments, said controlled porous osmotic pump tablets comprise venlafaxine or metoprolol 
A biosensor system determines an analyte concentration of a biological sample using an electrochemical process without Cottrell decay. 
The biosensor system generates an output signal having a transient decay, where the output signal is not inversely proportional to the square root of the time. 
The transient decay is greater or less than the -0.5 decay constant of a Cottrell decay. 
The transient decay may result from a relatively short incubation period, relatively small sample reservoir volumes, relatively small distances between electrode surfaces and the lid of the sensor strip, and/or relatively short excitations in relation to the average initial thickness of the reagent layer. 
The biosensor system determines the analyte concentration from the output signal having a transient decay 
This method (110) adaptively sends control messages and a predetermined number of fast repeats of the control messages on the traffic channel of a mobile communication system. 
For a control message which has already been lost (118), the system sends the control message again with a first number of fast repeats (130) if the traffic channel is operating at a full rate; and the system sends the control message with a second number of fast repeats if the traffic channel is operating at a subrate. 
The number of fast repeats is selectable. 
If the control message has not been previously sent and the traffic channel is operating at a subrate (124), the system will send the control message with a third number of fast repeats (128) 
The present invention discloses a sound converter which can easily achieve the automation by including a terminal with a top plate function. 
The sound converter includes a frame (30), a yoke (20) inserted and installed inside the frame (30) an inner ring magnet (22) with inner ring top plate mounted thereon and an outer ring magnet (23) maintaining a predetermined interval from the side face of the inner ring magnet being mounted at the upper portion of the yoke (20), a diaphragm (60) provided with a coil portion at least partially inserted between the inner ring magnet (22) and the outer ring magnet (23) and a terminal (40) positioned at the upper portion of the outer ring magnet (23), for providing a magnetic path and an electric path between a coil (50) and an external connection terminal 
A plasma display panel comprises a front substrate, a rear substrate, and a barrier rib. 
A first electrode and a second electrode are disposed in the front substrate. 
A third electrode intersecting the first electrode and the second electrode is disposed in the rear substrate. 
A barrier rib partitions at least one discharge cell between the front substrate and the rear substrate. 
At least one of the first electrode and the second electrode comprises a single layer, at least one of the first electrode and the second electrode comprises at least one line portion intersecting the third electrode and at least one protruded portion projecting from the line portion, and a shortest interval between the protruded portion and the barrier rib within the discharge cell is in a range of 5% to 40% of a width of the discharge cell, which is a shortest interval between the barrier ribs 
A lighting apparatus for a refrigerator according to an embodiment of the present invention uses a light emitting diode with small volume and low heat generation amount so that the storage space of the refrigerator is assured as well as a risk of the degradation in the storage state of foods stored in the refrigerator due to heat emitted from the lighting apparatus is minimized 
In order to increase the reliability of the parts constituting the basket and to conveniently use the basket and to stably accomplish the operation of the basket, as the shaking of te basket is prevented, there is disclosed a basket operation device of a refrigerator, comprising: a basket freely moved in a back-and-forth direction in the state that the basket is supported by an inner wall of the refrigerator; a rotation shaft supported by the basket and moved with the basket and respectively rotated; a pair of rotation elements supported by both sides of the rotation shaft and rotated at the same angle to guide a movement of the basket when the basket moves in a back- and-forth direction; and a corresponding element formed in the inner wall of the refrigerator in a back-and-forth direction to contact with the rotation elements 
In order to accomplish the prevention of the shaking of the basket provided in a refrigerator, the fall prevention of the basket, the safe support of foods, the improvement of safety of the supporting portion of the basket, the improvement of user's sanitation and the improvement of appearance, the present invention discloses a mounting apparatus for a basket for a refrigerator comprising: a telescopic mounted on the wall of the refrigerator to be retractable; a connect member engaged with the telescopic; and a basket firmly seated on the upper surface of the connect member and provided with a plurality of bent wires, wherein, in order to support the position of the basket, the connect member comprises a right and left shake preventing part preventing right and left shakings of the basket; a front and rear shake preventing part preventing front and rear shakings of the basket; and a up and down shake preventing part preventing up and down shakings of the basket 
A display for a refrigerator, which can uniformly form a diffusing area, is provided. 
The display includes a process unit receiving a variety of operation signals for operating the refrigerator, a front cover provided in front of the process unit and including a pushing portion displaying an input location of a user and a light transmission portion transmitting light, and a diffusion sheet provided in rear of the front cover and uniformly diffusing the light 
By means of a storage box structure according to the preferred embodiment of the present invention, the process installing the storage box into the storage space is easily accomplished and productivity of the product is obtained, and the inside of the storage box is partitioned, and therefore there is an advantage in that the usage of the storage space is increased 
The embodiment relates to an attachment apparatus for a rag of a cleaner and a manufacturing method thereof. 
An attachment apparatus for a rag of a cleaner according to one aspect comprises: an attachment portion to which the rag is attached; a support member supporting the attachment portion; and a cover member covering a portion of the attachment portion. 
A manufacturing method of an attachment apparatus for a rag of a cleaner according to another aspect comprises the steps of: attaching an attachment portion to a support member; inserting the support member to which the attachment portion is attached into the inside of a mold to fix it; injecting molded resin into the inside of the mold so that the resin is filled around the support member; and solidifying the resin filled in the inside of the mold in the injecting step to form a cover member 
A method and apparatus for setting transmission power of a data channel by a mobile station in a Frequency Division Multiple Access (FDMA) system. 
The power setting method and apparatus includes receiving scheduling information from a base station; comparing a data rate of desired transmission data with a data rate of the scheduled data; if the data rate of desired transmission data is less than the data rate of the scheduled data, adjusting a currently set transmission power offset value according to the data rate of desired transmission data and the data rate of the scheduled data; and setting transmission power of the data to be transmitted to the base station using the adjusted transmission power offset value, and transmitting the data using the set transmission power value 
A light-emitting device (1) includes a base (10), a light reflecting member (11) placed on the base (10), a case (12) surrounding the light reflecting member (11), and a plurality of light-emitting elements (13) arranged on the inner surface of the case (12). 
The light reflecting member (11) reflects light emitted from an emission source including the light-emitting elements (13) toward an opening (12a) of the case (12). 
In the light-emitting device (1), since a plurality of light-emitting elements (13) can be arranged three-dimensionally, the size of the light-emitting device can be reduced easily. 
Moreover, the light reflecting member (11) reflects light emitted from the emission source including the light-emitting elements (13) toward the opening (12a) of the case (12), so that the light-emitting device can have high brightness 
Arrangement of a load reception region inside a motor vehicle, comprising a floor (22) of a boot (24) and at least a first row (12) and a second row (14) of rear seats which are capable of occupying a retracted position in which their backrest (12b, 14b) is substantially in the continuation of the boot floor (22), characterized in that the arrangement comprises a longitudinally movable load region (26) substantially parallel to the floor (22), said movable load region (26) being able to pass from a position of extension of the floor (22), in which the movable load region (26) extends substantially as far as a floor pan riser (20) of the vehicle, while covering a front part of the second row (14) of rear seats in the retracted position, to a stowed position in which the movable load region (26) is at least partly superposed with the floor (22), a front edge (28) of said movable load region (26) comprising a part (30) articulated about a transverse axis (A) and able to occupy a first position in which it extends vertically so as to form a partition between the boot (24) and the passenger compartment, and a second position in which it extends in the continuation of said movable load region (26) in the position of extension of the floor (22), so as to at least partly cover the first row (12) of rear seats in the retracted position 
The invention relates to a method for controlling the trajectory of an active-steering vehicle, characterised in that it comprises: detecting and diagnosing the turning angle (teta_d, teta_g) of the steering wheels of the vehicle; calculating, by adjusting the turning angle (teta_d, teta_g) of the steering wheels, set-point torques for the actuators of the vehicle; checking and switching the calculation of the set-point torques in a degraded mode upon failure during the step for detecting the turning angle (teta_d, teta_g) of the wheels; and calculating torque set-points for the actuators of the vehicle steering wheels based on the degraded mode selected during the checking and switching step. 
The invention also relates to a device (10) for controlling the trajectory of an active-steering vehicle using the means implemented by the method of the invention 
Insulins to which there is connected an amino acid oligomer have satisfactory properties 
The invention relates to a hydrostatic drive (1) in an open circuit. 
The hydrostatic drive (1) comprises a hydraulic pump (2) and a hydraulic motor (3). 
The hydraulic pump (2) and the hydraulic motor (3) are connected to one another via a feed line (4). 
In addition, the hydrostatic drive (1) comprises a storage element (18) for storing pressure energy. 
A first valve device (17) which is arranged downstream of the hydraulic motor (3) alternately connects the downstream connection (9) of the hydraulic motor (3) to a tank volume (15) or to the storage element (18) 
The present invention relates to novel pyridazine derivatives of formula (I) as active ingredients which have microbiocidal activity, in particular fungicidal activity: wherein R<SUP>1</SUP> is hydrogen, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB>alkyl, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>8</SUB>haloalkyl or C<SUB>3</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB>cycloalkyl; R<SUP>2</SUP> is cycloalkyl, cycloalkylalkyl, halocycloalkyl, cycloalkoxy, halocycloalkoxy, cycloalkylalkoxy, halocycloalkylalkoxy, alkoxyalkyl, cycloalkoxyalkoxyalkyl, haloalkoxyalkyl, trialkylsilyl, alkylthioalkyl, haloalkylthioalkyl, cycloalkylthio, halocycloalkylthio, cycloalkylalkylthio, halocycloalkylalkylthio, alkylsulfinylalkyl, alkylsulfonylalkyl, alkylsulfinyl, haloalkylsulfinyl, alkylsulfonyl, haloalkylsulfonyl, C<SUB>2</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB>alkenyl, C<SUB>2</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB>alkynyl, optionally substituted arylsulfonyl, optionally substituted aryloxy, optionally substituted heteroaryloxy, optionally substituted arylthio, optionally substituted heteroarylthio; or R<SUP>2</SUP> together with an adjacent carbon atom forms an optionally substituted fused ring; R<SUP>3</SUP> is an optionally substituted aryl; R<SUP>4</SUP> is hydrogen, halogen, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB>alkyl, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB>haloalkyl, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>8</SUB>alkoxy, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB>haloalkoxy, hydroxy or cyano; and n is a whole number from 1 to 4; or an agrochemically usable salt form thereof 
A preform (1) for the production of biaxially extended plastic bottles has a rigid, substantially elongated body (2), which at one longitudinal end thereof comprises a base (3) and the opposite longitudinal end of which is configured as a neck section (4) provided with a pouring opening (5). 
The preform (1) has outer and inner walls (A, I), which extend at least across a partial region of the axial length thereof and are formed by separate plastic layers. 
At least one intermediate layer (Z) is embedded in at least a partial region of the body (2) in a space delimited by the outer and inner walls (A, I) of the body (2), the intermediate layer extending across part of the axial length and the circumference of the body (2) and having a color that deviates from the outer or inner layers (A, I) 
Plasma etch-cleaning of substrates is performed by means of a plasma discharge arrangement comprising an electron source cathode (5) and an anode arrangement (7). 
The anode arrangement (7) comprises on one hand an anode electrode (9) and on the other hand and electrically isolated therefrom a confinement (11). 
The confinement (11) has an opening (13) directed towards an area (S) of a substrate (21) to be cleaned. 
The electron source cathode (5) and the anode electrode (9) are electrically supplied by a supply circuit with a supply source (19). 
The circuit is operated electrically floating 
An integrated DWDM transmitter apparatus includes a silica-on-silicon substrate overlying a first support component. 
The silica-on-silicon substrate includes a silica layer overlying a silicon substrate A coefficient of thermal expansion of the first support component is substantially matched to a coefficient of thermal expansion of the silicon substrate. 
An optica! multiplexer is located within the silica layer and includes a plurality of input waveguides and at least an output waveguide. 
Additionally, the apparatus includes a second support component attached to a side surface of the first support component. 
One or more semiconductor laser array chips overlie the second support component. 
A coefficient of thermal expansion of the one or more semiconductor chips is substantially matched to a coefficient of thermal expansion of the second support component. 
Moreover, each of the one or more laser array chips includes one or more lasers, each of which is optically coupled to a corresponding one of the plurality of input waveguides 
A method for transmitting the information via the channel network includes:11) sending the information ordering request to the information providing end by the information consumption end,the said request specifies the required information content;12)determining the time for sending the information based on the resource of information transmission system according to the information ordering request of each information consumption end;13)receiving the information during the determined time by the information consumption end;14)storing the received information which may be used by the information consumer at the appropriate time into the nonvolatile memory by the information consumption end 
An image sensor comprises image sensing modules (1) and few displacement sensing modules (2) which are logically arranged. 
An image sensing method comprises that the values of the displacement sensing modules (2) are read out many times during the exposure time to calculate the varying data of the image (3), the movement of the image sensor or the movement of the exterior image (3) relative to the image sensor is controlled according to the varying data, and when the exposure of the image sensing modules (1) is completed, all the values from the image sensing modules (1) are read out and processed 
Full automatic production line for instant vermicelli comprises a starch mixer, a self-cooking extruding vermicelli machine (6) that produces instant vermicelli only one maturation, an aging apparatus, a washing slack silk device and, a ration cutter (10), a drying device (14), a cooling device (15), and a conveying device (17) in the light of conveying direction of material. 
The aging apparatus includes an aging device for the first time, a vermicelli refrigerator, a washing slack silk device (11) and a washing cool vermicelli device (13) during the aging for the second time. 
Full automatic production method for instant vermicelli comprisesmixing starch, self-cooking extruding vermicelli, aging, ration cutting, vermicelli drying, vermicelli cooling, packaging and conveying. 
Self-cooking extruding vermicelli is no more than once extruding vermicelli. 
The aging comprises the aging for the first time, refrigerating vermicelli, washing slack silk and the aging for the second time. 
The aging makes vermicelli not to stick each other 
A double-purpose ladder used as a single ladder as well as a herringbone ladder comprises a fixing plate (6) and two folding plates (1, 2) respectively connected to two single ladder sections, as viewed from the side, the ends of these two folding plates (1, 2) are hinged together, and the other ends thereof are respectively provided with a through hole (3, 4). 
When the folding plates (1, 2) are folded together, these two through holes (3, 4) are superposed together. 
One of the folding plates (1, 2) is arranged with a location hole (5), wherein the center of the location hole (5), the hinge axis and the center of the through hole in the sameplate form an obtuse triangle, in which the obtuse angle is at the hinge axis. 
Furthermore, the fixing plate (6) is provided with two location pins (7, 8), the distance between which is equal to that between the location hole (5) and the through hole in the same plate 
A circuit breaker for rapidly breaking low voltage circuit. 
The circuit breaker drives with expulsive force to cut off an execution unit rapidly to realize overload and short circuit protection. 
The circuit breaker includes a plastic casing, a moving contact, a static contact, an explosion chamber, an operating mechanism for breaking and closing the circuit, and a release mechanism for controlling tripping. 
The circuit breaker further includes an execution unit that can realize rapid breaking and current limiting. 
The execution unit has a passive part and an active part. 
When the current passing though the moving contact and the static contact exceeds a predetermined threshold, the expulsive force caused by the current drives the moving contact and the static contact to detach from each other. 
The detachment action directly drives the passive part and the active part, wherein the action of the active part causes a release lever to release, thereby directly driving the circuit breaker to trip 
A simulated media player includes a supporting body (1), an audio disc placing seat (2) which is located on the supporting body (1), an audio disc (4) and an audio circuit (5) in the supporting body (1), in which the audio disc (4) is located on the placing seat (2) through a connecting device (6). 
A chip (41) provided with built-in digital audio frequency information is fixed on the audio disc (4); the connecting device (6) connects the chip (41) with the audio circuit (5), to read out the audio frequency information in the chip (41), which is broadcasted through a speaker (53) in the audio circuit (5). 
Music information or message information can be stored in the chip (41). 
There are several pieces of audio discs (4) located in the simulated media player, so users can select different audio discs (4) based on their own interests for their favorite music 
A cleaning composition for removing photoresist includes a dimethylsulfone, a quaternary ammonium hydroxide, characterized in that further includes a surfactant, the surfactant is a hydroxyl-containing polyether. 
The cleaning composition including the surfactant of the hydroxyl-containing polyether is used to clean photoresist on the metal, metal alloy or dielectric substrate 
A safety transfusion catheter comprises a flexible retention tube (2) fitted over a metal guiding needle (1). 
The flexible retention tube (2) is provided with a needle handle (22; 22') connected with it. 
The angle between the end (3) of the flexible retention tube (2) and its longitudinal axis or longitudinal tube wall is less than 90º.The cross section of the needle handle (22; 22') has an outer contour line of a closed curve formed with a curve (5; 25) intersecting a beeline (6; 26). 
A further safety transfusion catheter comprises a flexible retention tube (39) fitted over a metal guiding needle (32), a transfusion connecting tube (38) in fluid communication with flexible retention tube (39) and a rubber casing cap (42) at the end of the flexible retention tube (39). 
The back end of the metal guiding needle (32) is in telescoping engagement with a hollow sleeve (31). 
The transfusion connecting tube (38) and flexible retention tube (39) form a T-shaped or an oblique Y-shaped structure. 
A safety protect sheath (514) shorter than the metal guiding needle (32) is provided at the end of the hollow sleeve (31). 
A spring (533) is provided between the end hub (34) of the metal guiding needle (32) and the front end of the hollow sleeve (31). 
A seesaw typed stop block (36) is provided in the hollow sleeve (31). 
A reset button (37) is provided on the portion of the hollow sleeve (31) having the seesaw typed stop block (36) 
The invention relates to a device (10) for assembling cladding panels, in particular panels in the form of extruded profiles, that comprises a sub-structure (11) that can be mounted on an existing structure using mounting members (12) and assembling parts (13) for securing the cladding panels (14). 
The sub-structure (11) comprises an extruded longitudinal profile (20) having a bearing surface (20a) provided with horizontal slots (20d) for receiving and holding by simple engagement the assembling parts (13). 
To this end, each assembling part (13) is made in the form of an L-shaped bracket having a first side (13a) used as a bearing at the bottom (15a) of a profiled sector (15) with a square opened cross-section provided at the rear of the upper edge (16) of a panel (14), and having a second side (13a) engaging into a slot (20d) for locking the assembling part (13) in position relative to the extruded longitudinal profile 
A system and method in which a notification is received of a call from a first device to a second device in a first domain. 
A context is created for the first type of call. 
A notification is received of initiation of a call from the second device to the first device in a second domain. 
The call context is utilized to notify the first device of the initiation of the call from the second device to the first device 
A method for producing a capped poly(arylene ether) having a low concentration of metal impurities is described. 
The method includes treating a solution of a capped poly(arylene ether) with a chelant to bind the polymerization catalyst metal, and separating the chelated metal from the capped poly(arylene ether). 
Capped poly(arylene ether)s prepared by the method are also described, as are curable compositions that include them. 
The present invention relates to certain biphenyl sulfonamide derivatives of Formula (Ia) and pharmaceutical compositions thereof that modulate the activity of the histamine H3- receptor. 
Compounds of the present invention and pharmaceutical compositions thereof are directed to methods useful in the treatment of histamine H3-associated disorders, such as, cognitive disorders, epilepsy, brain trauma, depression, obesity, disorders of sleep and wakefulness such as narcolepsy, shift-work syndrome, drowsiness as a side effect from a medication, maintenance of vigilance to aid in completion of tasks and the like, cataplexy, hypersomnia, somnolence syndrome, jet lag, sleep apnea and the like, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, allergies, allergic responses in the upper airway, allergic rhinitis, nasal congestion, dementia, Alzheimer's disease and the like 
A printing ink is disclosed containing: non-water soluble polymeric surfactant; and water as a dispersed phase, wherein the non-water soluble polymeric surfactant stabilizes the water to form a stabilized emulsion heatset printing ink 
A contact lithography system (100, 200) includes a patterning tool (110, 228a, 510) bearing a pattern (112); a substrate chuck (214) for chucking a substrate (130, 228b) to receive the pattern (112) from the patterning tool (110, 228a, 510); where the system (100, 200) deflects a portion of either the patterning tool (110, 228a, 510) or the substrate (130, 228b) to bring the patterning tool (110, 228a, 510) and a portion of the substrate (130, 228b) into contact; and a stepper (260) for repositioning either or both of the patterning tool (110, 228a, 510) and substrate (130, 228b) to align the pattern (112) with an additional portion of the substrate (130, 228b) to also receive the pattern (112). 
A method of performing contact lithography comprising: deflecting a portion of either a patterning tool (110, 228a, 510) or a substrate (130, 228b) to bring the patterning tool (110, 228a, 510) and a portion of the substrate (130, 228b) into contact; and repositioning either or both of the patterning tool (110, 228a, 510) and substrate (130, 228b) to align a pattern (112) on the patterning tool (110, 228a, 510) with an additional portion of the substrate (130, 228b) to also receive the pattern (112) 
An electrode assembly and method of centering an outer ring around an electrode assembly in a plasma reaction chamber used in semiconductor substrate processing. 
The method includes positioning the outer ring around an outer surface of a backing member of the electrode assembly, and inserting at least one centering element between the outer ring and the backing member. 
The centering element can be a plurality of spring-loaded centering elements received in a cavity on the outer surface of the backing member, the centering elements having a first end adapted to contact the outer ring and a second end adapted to receive a spring. 
The outer ring surrounds an outer surface of the backing member, such that the plurality of spring-loaded centering elements are positioned between the outer surface of the backing member and an inner surface of the outer ring 
A scalable flat-panel nano-particle MEMS/NEMS thruster includes a grid having a plurality of electrodes to establish electrical fields. 
A liquid is disposed in a liquid reservoir of the grid. 
The liquid is positioned within the electrical fields. 
A plurality of nano-particles are suspended in the liquid. 
A plurality of MEMS and NEMS micron-size vias are disposed in the grid. 
The electrical fields extract the plurality of nano-particles from the liquid and accelerate the nano-particles in the vias to provide propulsion system thrust 
The invention relates to novel methods of incorporating nanotubes for use in micro- or nano-devices. 
The invention further relates to incorporating nanotubes in micro or nano- devices and particularly synthesizing or growing nanotubes directly in or on components of a micro- or nano-device. 
In a particular embodiment, the invention relates to methods of synthesizing or growing nanotubes in a gas chromatography column and their use in portable gas chromatography devices 
A multi-energy cargo inspection system features a compact electron accelerator is used that is more compact, more efficient and less expensive than a single linear accelerator with the same energy. 
The system has enhanced capabilities to recognize the elemental content of a container which can be used to detect concealed explosive and fissionable materials 
A recoil-operated, impulse averaging, air-cooled, magazine-fed, automatic weapon. 
An operating group of the weapon includes a chamber, a bolt, a barrel extension and one or more toggles. 
The recoil action of the weapon from firing a first round drives the toggles in a motion constrained by a cam way. 
The toggles then drive the chamber in a linear reciprocating motion ejecting a first round and over-riding the next round. 
An impulse averaging system controls the speed of the recoil 
The present invention generally provides a functionalized nanocomposite comprising a nanostructure having a surface on which at least one conductive polymer is grafted. 
The grafted polymer can be covalently bonded to the nanostructure surface such that the resulting nanocomposite can be highly durable. 
Examplary nanostructures include nanotubes such as carbon nanotubes or nanohorns. 
In one embodiment, the functionalized nanocomposite comprises a carbon nanotube on which polyaniline segments are covalently grafted. 
The invention also provides a convenient method for fabricating a nanocomposite. 
The method comprises providing a nanostructure such as a carbon nanotube and then covalently grafting at least one conductive polymer on the nanostructure surface. 
The invention also provides a device, conductive coating material and a composite material, which each feature a nanocomposite comprising a nanostructure with a surface onto which at least one conductive polymer is grafted 
Electrodes for intracorporeal and other uses are provided. 
The invention features sterilizable, braided electrodes which are formed of or include conductive elements in electronic communication with a plurality of sites for electrical stimulation or sensing. 
Other active elements may be included in the braided electrodes 
A smart inhaler system comprising an inhaler device for directed aerosol delivery facilitated by an adaptive nozzle and a mechanism for inhalation waveform modulation is provided. 
Methods of using the smart inhaler system for delivering an active agent to a target area of a lung of a subject are further provided 
A photovoltaic nanostructure according to one embodiment of the present invention includes an electrically conductive nanocable coupled to a first electrode, a second electrode extending along at least two sides of the nanocable, and a photovoltaically active p-n junction formed between the nanocable and the second electrode. 
A photovoltaic array according to one embodiment includes a plurality of photovoltaic nanostructures as recited above. 
Methods for forming nanostructures are also presented 
The present invention provides peptides having an amino acid sequence as set forth in SEQ ID NO: 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 192, 195, 197, 209, 225, 226, 228, 230, 240, 241, 243, 244, 249, 253, 254 or 255, as well as peptides having the above-mentioned amino acid sequences in which 1, 2, or several amino acids are substituted, deleted, or added, wherein the peptides possess cytotoxic T cell inducibility. 
The present invention also provides drugs for treating or preventing a disease associated with the over-expression of MPHOSPH1 and/or DEPDC1, e.g. cancers, containing these peptides as an active ingredient. 
The peptides of the present invention can also be used as vaccines 
[PROBLEMS] A bearing device for a wheel, where contradictory problems of reduction in weight and size and increase in rigidity are solved at the same time an which has improved strength and durability. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] The bearing device for a wheel is of a third generation structure and has double-row rolling bodies and also has an inner ring (6) fixed by staking an end of a small diameter step section (13b) of a hub ring (13) by rocking die swaging operation. 
Of the double-row rolling bodies, the rolling body row on the outer side has a pitch circle diameter PCDo greater than the pitch circle diameter PCDi of the rolling body row on the inner side. 
The rolling body row on the outer side is constructed from balls (9), the rolling body row on the inner side is constructed from tapered rollers (10), and the number of the balls (9) is more than that of the tapered rollers (10). 
This increases bearing rigidity, realizes low running torque, and, even if a load applied to the bearing row on the inner side is higher than that to the bearing row on the outer side, keeps the service life of the bearing device unchanged or even extends it 
A jib crane in which unexpected movement of a suspended load is prevented to sufficiently secure the safety of load handling work. 
The jib crane has a hoisting wire rope (22) for vertically moving a hook (34), an elevation wire rope (24) for elevating up and down a jib (14), and a conversion device (38) for fixing the foremost ends of the wire ropes (22, 24) to a rotation frame (58) of a rotation table. 
The conversion device (38) has a V-shaped link (62) rotatably supported by a bearing bracket (56) with the use of a support pin (60). 
The foremost ends of the wire ropes (22, 24) are connected to a pair of link arms (62a, 62b) of the V-shaped link (62) 
A content and a content output schedule is distributed to an information display terminal via a global server and a local server. 
The global server acquires information on the environment that an information display terminal is installed and performs a content conversion process 
A resin composition comprising 100 parts by mass of a polymer having an alicyclic structure in at least a part of a repeating unit and 0.05 to 5 parts by mass of a hindered amine compound having a carbon atom at a ratio of 67 to 80 wt% inclusive in the molecular structure and having a molecular weight of 500 to 3500 inclusive; a novel piperidine derivative having a piperidylaminotriazine skeleton; a molded article such as an optical component, which is produced by molding the resin composition; and an optical pickup device which utilizes the optical component 
An airbag device for restraining the waist part of a user, in which the reliability of connection of an inflatable bag to a vehicle is enhanced, that can excellently absorb an impact to the inflatable bag, and that can be easily installed on the vehicle. 
The airbag device has the inflatable bag received under a seat cushion in a compressed state and inflatable and expandable in an emergency, an inflator for supplying inflation gas to the inflatable bag in an emergency, and a mount bracket disposed between the bottom face of the inflatable bag and the vehicle and secured to both the bottom face and the vehicle. 
The mount bracket is characterized by having a body area connected and fixed to the bottom face of the inflatable bag and also having a first projecting area extending from the body area to the outside, projecting forward or rearward of the vehicle from below the inflatable bag, and connected and fixed to the vehicle 
A packet communication section (20) performs radio communication so as to be accessible to other terminals already performing the radio communication with a base station device. 
A signal processing section (22) generates a connection request signal which is to be transmitted from the packet communication section (20) to the base station device through other terminal. 
The signal processing section (22) processes the connection response signal received from the base station device in the packet communication section (20) through the other terminal. 
With this operation, the signal processing section (22) performs the connection with the base station device 
An electronic apparatus having a plurality of display sections in which the number of components is decreased and the manufacturing cost is reduced by providing a plurality of display sections arranged separately, and a single display member performing display for the plurality of display sections. 
The plurality of display sections may include at least two display sections having different display directions. 
Alternatively, the plurality of display sections may include at least two display sections having the same display directions and not existing on a single plane 
The length of a collision cell (20) in a direction along an ion optical axis (C) is brought to a value in the range of 40 to 80 mm, typically to 51 mm which is much shorter than that in the prior art technique, and a CID gas is supplied so as to be flown in a direction opposite to the direction of advance of the ion. 
Since energy which the ion undergoes upon collision against the CID gas is increased, the CID efficiency can be practically satisfactorily ensured even when the collision cell (20) is short. 
Further, due to the short ion passage distance of the ion, the passage time is shortened, whereby a lowering in detection sensitivity due to the delay of ion and the occurrence of ghost peak can be avoided 
This invention provides an organic rare earth metal complex, which emits fluorescence with a wavelength in the range of 550 to 900 nm, particularly a fluorescent resin composition comprising an ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymer containing 0.01 to 10% by mass of an organic rare earth metal complex represented by general formula wherein R represents an aliphatic or aromatic hydrocarbon group; Ln represents a rare earth metal; A represents group -CH=CH-; and n is 0 or 1. 
There are also provided a solar battery module using the fluorescent resin composition as a sealing material between a front cover and a crystalline silicon cell, and a solar battery with high conversion efficiency 
An elevator speed governor in which first overspeeds of different magnitudes in ascending and descending operation of an elevator car can be set inexpensively by a simple structure without requiring electric power supply from the outside. 
The governor has a weight moving in a predetermined direction when it is subjected to centrifugal force according to movement speeds in ascending and descending of the elevator car; an elastic body urged by the movement of the weight subjected to the centrifugal force; activation means for activating a stop switch when the weight moves to a predetermined position against urging force of the elastic body; and switchover means driven by ascending and descending operation of the elevator car. 
According to the direction of movement of the elevator car, the switchover means changes that length of the elastic body at which the operation means activates the stop switch 
A speaker device comprising a vibrator having a diaphragm and a voice coil, a frame, and a magnetic circuit. 
The magnetic circuit has first and second magnetic gaps. 
The voice coil has first and second parallel portions extending in one direction while opposing each other. 
The first parallel portion is arranged in the first magnetic gap, the second parallel portion is arranged in the second magnetic gap, and the first parallel portion is supported elastically by magnetic fluid injected into the first magnetic gap. 
The first magnetic gap extends longer than the first parallel portion, and the magnetic fluid is injected to cover the first parallel portion in the first magnetic gap. 
The first magnetic gap has openings not filled with the magnetic fluid, and the openings are arranged at the opposite ends of the first magnetic gap. 
With such an arrangement of the magnetic fluid, the vibrator can be supported stably without causing an increase in lowest resonance frequency or lowering of a sound pressure level 
A novel carry handle for use at a pack of wrapped containers is described, which comprises a length of plastic adhesive material with a reduced length of laminated foam expandable material 
The invention relates to a hair dryer comprising means for heating and circulating an air flow between an intake end (2) in a housing (1) and an outlet end (3), and a device (6) for modifying the section of the air jet generated, that comprises a flexible deformable nozzle (8) provided at the outlet end (3). 
According to the invention, the device (6) includes means for quickly tilting, by clamping, the front end (10) of said nozzle (8), between two stable positions, i.e. a first position A in which the section is close to the air outlet section (3) of the hair dyer and a second position B 
There is described a process of manufacturing sealed packages (5) containing a pourable food product from a web packaging material (3) moving along a predetermined path (P). 
The process comprises the steps of providing a recurring pattern of printed register marks (13) on the web packaging material (3); applying a recurring pattern (18) of bend or fold lines (19, 20, 21) on the web packaging material (3) as a function of the detected position of the printed register marks (13); generating new reference means (26, 26'), distinct from the bend or fold lines (19, 20, 21), on the web packaging material (3) in a synchronized way with the step of applying a recurring pattern (18) of bend or fold lines (19, 20, 21); and performing one or more subsequent operations on the web packaging material (3) based on a synchronization pulse created by detection of the new reference means (26, 26' ) 
In one embodiment, an endpoint elicits a pattern of STUN responses to identify security devices located on a call path. 
The endpoint then uses address information from the identified security devices to establish an efficient media flow with a remote endpoint. 
The endpoint can optimize the number of network devices and network paths that process the endpoint's keepalive message. 
Additionally, the endpoint may request custom inactivity timeouts with each of the identified security devices for reducing bandwidth consumed by keepalive traffic 
In one embodiment, a reservation proxy monitors for received connectivity check messages or beginning-of-media-flow indication messages. 
When either type of message is observed, the reservation proxy requests resource allocation for a media flow associated with the received message. 
The amount of resource allocation requested may be coordinated by exchanging messages with a call controller or policy server for one of the endpoints of the media flow, or the amount of resource allocation may be identified within the received message 
A method for producing a chewing gum with a controlled release traditional Chinese medicine active agent, as well as the chewing gum so produced, is obtained by physically modifying the release properties of the traditional Chinese medicine active agent by coating and drying. 
The traditional Chinese medicine active agent is coated by encapsulation, partially coated by agglomeration, entrapped by absorption, or treated by multiple steps of encapsulation, agglomeration, and absorption. 
The coated traditional Chinese medicine active agent is preferably then co-dried and particle sized to produce a release-modified traditional Chinese medicine active agent for use in chewing gum. 
The traditional Chinese medicine active agent may also be used in a coating on a chewing gum product, as part of a rolling compound applied to the chewing gum product, or as a part of the liquid in a liquid-center chewing gum product 
Computer systems, computer program products and methods for surveying a target population are provided. 
A survey instrument is fielded to a sample population of the target population, where individual members in the sample population are selected from the target population such that the distribution of members in the sample that start the survey instrument provides a probability sampling of the target population for at least one stratification variable. 
A qualifying population is identified from the sample, where each member in the qualifying population qualifies for the survey instrument based on a response to one or more screener questions in the survey instrument. 
A total number of members is determined within the target population that the qualifying population represents based on a comparison of the distribution of the qualifying population and the distribution of the target population with respect to the at least one stratification variable 
The invention provides methods of extracting a biodegradable polyester with a supercritical fluid effective to obtain a purified biodegradable polyester, such as a purified biodegradable poly(lactide-glycolide) (PLG). 
The supercritical fluid can be carbon dioxide at an elevated pressure, or can be carbon dioxide with one or more cosolvents. 
Methods for carrying out stepwise purification of the biodegradable polyester at multiple pressures or multiple temperatures, or both, are also provided. 
When the polyester is PLG, a purified PLG copolymer is obtained having a narrowed molecular weight distribution with respect to the unpurified polyester. 
The purified PLG copolymer can have a polydispersity index of less than about 1.7, less than about 2% monomers, and less than about 10% oligomers. 
The purified PLG copolymer can exhibit a reduced initial burst effect when incorporated into a controlled release formulation such as a flowable implant adapted to be injected into body tissues 
An apparatus is provided that provides a common opening for air flow and speaker outflow. 
The apparatus includes a compartment with an opening. 
The compartment has a top surface and a bottom surface and includes a fan and a speaker. 
The fan is positioned to rotate one or blades around an axis. 
The one or more blades spin in a direction substantially towards an opening during at least one point during the spinning. 
The fan directs the air flow towards the opening. 
The speaker is positioned such that its movement is along the axis 
Provided herein are compositions of matter comprising hydrocolloids which are extruded or agglomerated with a carbohydrate and/or a second hydrocolloid, methods for making the same, and methods of using the same to improve the organoleptic properties of dry food products and/or to improve the processing of doughs containing such extruded or agglomerated hydrocolloids 
A turbofan engine includes a fan variable area nozzle, which includes a louver system having a multiple of slats generally transverse to the engine axis. 
Each of the louver slats are pivotally mounted to the fan nacelle to vary the effective area of the fan nozzle exit area and permit efficient engine operation at predefined pressure ratios 
The invention relates to an item monitoring system and method which use RFID technology for the automatic monitoring of operations involving items being taken from and returned to one or more storage positions in a work area and which can be used to maintain an online status and use history record for each item. 
In addition, the system can automatically recognise every operation in which an item is taken and automatically record said operations, associating the item identification data with information relating to the storage position thereof, the user who took or returned the item to or from the storage position and the date and time of the operation. The system can also compile the aforementioned information in one or more databases and said databases can synchronise all of the information contained therein in order to manage same, report and transmit alarms, monitor the use of items, monitor the upkeep of items (such as maintenance, calibration or replacement) and generate statistics relating to the use of each item 
The invention relates to a device for preventing feeding bottles from being misplaced and for improving the hygienic dispensing conditions of same, consisting of several elements which can be added to a conventional feeding bottle or integrated during production, so as to form a sliding arm which permanently connects the lid to the body of the feeding bottle in order to prevent same from being misplaced and to reduce the possibility of the lid being contaminated when it is not being used to cover the teat 
The present invention relates to an ant i -cancer agent comprising a 3,4- dihydroisoquinolinium salt derivative. 
The 3,4-dihydroisoquinolinium salt derivative of the present invention selectively induces cytotoxicity and cell death in the cancer cells with a loss of p53 function due to p53 gene deletions and mutations, thereby being used to treat cancer caused by defects in the p53 gene, while minimizing the side effects to normal cells 
Provided are a method of relaying a data burst in a relay station (RS) of a multi-hop relay (MMR) system using a direct relay zone, and a system using the method. 
The RS requests a base station to assign the direct relay zone in a frame in which a demodulation and forwarding scheme that demodulates, and then modulates and transmits a data burst is applied, receives an acknowledgement to the request from the base station, and relays a data burst using the frame in which the direct relay zone is assigned. 
Accordingly, since a data burst can be relayed within one frame, relay latency can be reduced 
A plasma display apparatus and a method of driving the same are disclosed. 
The plasma display apparatus includes a plasma display panel including an address electrode and a data driver. 
The data driver supplies a rising signal gradually rising from a first voltage to a second voltage during a first sustain period and a falling signal gradually falling from the second voltage to a third voltage during a second sustain period following the first sustain period to the address electrode 
A plasma display apparatus comprises a plasma display panel, a temperature detector and driver. 
The plasma display panel comprises a plurality of first electrodes and a plurality of second electrodes formed in parallel to each other. 
The temperature detector for detecting a temperature of the plasma display panel to output a temperature information signal. 
The driver which receives the temperature information signal from the temperature detector, and if the temperature of the plasma display panel is lower than a reference temperature, clamps a first sustain signal, which is supplied to at least one of the first electrodes and second electrodes, at a first clamping time, and if the temperature of the plasma display panel is higher than the reference temperature, clamps a second sustain signal, which is supplied to at least one of the first electrodes and the second electrodes, at a second clamping time different from the first clamping time 
Disclosed is an apparatus and method for data transmission/reception in a mobile telecommunication system, and more particularly to an apparatus and method for data transmission/reception in a mobile telecommunication system employing an Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing (OFDM) scheme. 
The method includes identifying a CHannel IDentifier (CH_ID), which represents a first resource indicated by a Forward Shared Control CHannel (F-SCCH) among all resources; identifying a second resource indicated by resource assignment information for group terminals; and when the first resource includes all or a part of the second resource, and a third resource unused by the group terminals exists in the entire or part of the second resource, transmitting/receiving data by means of the third resource and a fourth resource, which is a remaining part of the first resource excluding the second resource 
Disclosed herein are a wire rope ring for cargo loading work and a method of manufacturing the same. 
The wire rope includes a wire rope, a plurality of joints, and reinforcement members. The wire rope is disposed to form a ring-type structure. 
The joints are fastened to the overlapping portion of the wire rope at regular intervals through pressing. 
The reinforcement members are located between the plurality of joints and outside the joints, and are formed on the overlapping portion of the wire rope using synthetic resin material in a compression manner. 
Thus, the security and stability of a rope connection part can be increased and the usable lifetime thereof can also be extended 
Disclosed is an apparatus and a method for controlling a driving of a fan motor for a refrigerator. 
In a normal driving mode that a temperature of the inside of the refrigerator is higher than a predetermined temperature, the fan motor is driven in a normal speed, and in a waiting mode that the temperature of the inside of the refrigerator is lower than the predetermined temperature, the fan motor is driven in a driving speed very lower than that of the normal driving mode, without stopping of the fan motor, accordingly it is capable of preventing moisture introduced into the fan motor from being frozen, thereby preventing the fan motor from being locked 
The present invention relates to an antenna module, in which it enables easy electrical connection to a board, has improved quality and durability, and allows for an active design, and a method of forming the same and a radio communication terminal comprising the same. 
The antenna module of the present invention includes an antenna pattern, which is formed by forming an activated pattern of a specific shape on a surface of a base frame made of a material, including a laser reactant, using a laser and then metallizing the activated pattern, a terminal portion provided on at least part of the antenna pattern and configured to electrically connect the antenna pattern to a circuit board, and a clamping portion configured to penetrate the base frame on which the antenna pattern is formed and the terminal portion and then clamp the terminal portion on the antenna pattern 
The present invention relates to a method of fabricating a nanoscale multi-junction quantum dot device wherein it can minimize constraints depending on the number or shape of patterns and a line width, and in particular, overcome shortcomings depending on the proximity effect occurring between patterns while employing the advantages of electron beam lithography to the utmost by forming a new conductive layer between the patterns and utilizing it as a new pattern 
A probe and associated apparatus for treating oesophageal tissue with microwave radiation (e.g. radiation having a frequency of 5-60 GHz) are disclosed. 
The probe comprises a flexible substrate that expands and retracts between an access configuration, e.g. suitable for insertion through an endoscope, and a treatment configuration in which radiating elements, e.g. conducting patches, monopole antennas, slots in a conducting strip or the like, are brought into close proximity with tissue to be treated. 
The radiating elements are arranged to emit a substantially uniform electromagnetic field with a suitable penetration depth into the tissue. 
The apparatus can monitor and control the power delivered from the probe into tissue. 
A method of hollow tube, e.g. oesophageal, pathological treatment and a device for opening and closing the probe are also disclosed 
Outlet element (2) of an exhaust line (1) of a motor vehicle (3) comprising a tubular part (21) having an outlet orifice (6) directed towards the outside of the motor vehicle (3) and through which the exhaust gases are able to exit to the atmosphere, being connected to a decoupling means (8) for restricting the transfer of vibrations from the exhaust line (1) to the outlet element (2), characterized in that the decoupling means (8) is incorporated into the outlet element (2) upstream of the tubular part (21) and in that the outlet element (2) is able to be mounted on the motor vehicle (3) upstream of the decoupling means (8) by connection to the exhaust line (1) 
The invention relates to a fire extinguishing system for a housing, preferably an electronic housing, said system comprising an extinguishing agent container storing the extinguishing agent, an extinguishing agent dispensing device, and a triggering device. 
Said container (2) is flat, and electronic and/or mechanical means required for monitoring leakage and/or displaying the level, for triggering and for dispensing the extinguishing agent can be built into the extinguishing agent container 
A method for transferring assistant data in mobile multi-media broadcast is disclosed. 
In the present invention, adding a dedicated assistant data segment (13) in a channel data using the serving network and the mobile terminal in the coverage area, installing the assistant data which is going to transmit in a period of time in the said assistant data segment, the method includes: the serving network transmits the channel data to the mobile terminal over the wireless service channel; the mobile terminal receives the channel data and takes out the assistant data from the assistant data segment (13) one by one. 
The present method could improvetransmitting efficiency of assistant data, and realize more data functional application of caption, document downloading, IP multicast and the like on the premise of satisfying the clear of the audio and video data 
Disclosed herein are methods for treating energy metabolism disorders by administering a composition containing a therapeutically effective amount of a fatty acid amide hydrolase inhibitor. 
The composition can also be administered to reduce body fat, body weight, or caloric intake 
A system for assessing the state of an RF network includes a plurality of wireless devices coupled to the network and having one or more associated antennae, the wireless devices configured to process data received from a plurality of RF elements within range of the antennae. 
An RF switch is coupled to the network and configured to receive the data and transmit the data over the network. 
A first memory within the RF switch is configured to store a system state comprising a plurality of performance indicators, wherein each of the performance indicators is associated with an operational characteristic of one or more of the plurality of wireless devices. 
A second memory within the RF switch is configured to store a plurality of labeled data entries, the labeled data entries each including the system state and a user-entered identifier, wherein the user-entered identifier includes information related to the time at which the system state was selected. 
A display coupled to the network is configured to display a comparison of the system states and/or a visual representation of the performance indicators 
Disclosed is a pressurized internal oil management system, comprising an oil dam, at least one oil separator, at least one oil collection manifold, at least one oil pump, and one or more paths for returning the separated oil; said system integrated within the casing of a fluid displacement device to supply adequate lubrication regardless of orientations under zero to full gravity, and methods and applications related thereto. 
Fluid displacement devices useful herein include oil lubricated rotary or reciprocating machinery, such as compressors, expanders, pumps and engines, in the casing of which exists one or more drive mechanisms that can be utilized to operate the oil management system, in most cases without even increasing the size of the casing. 
The present invention is especially useful for applications where small size and low weight of the fluid displacement device or the system containing it are important, such as personal or electronic cooling systems in terrestrial mobile applications or various cooling systems in aerospace applications 
The invention includes a system for providing an online entertainment network for user-contributed entertainment content. 
The system quickly and accurately identifies quality content from a vast pool of user-contributed content. 
User-contributed content is rated by those who contribute and those who view content. 
Fraud detection devices automatically detect and remove fraudulent ratings. 
Contests and prizes associated with specific categories of content provide incentives for contributors to provide quality content and rate many pairs of items. 
Contests may be localized by geography, organization, social network, and other relationships. 
Identified top-rated content is made available individually, or as a continuous stream of user-contributed entertainment content. 
A method of displaying video content includes storing a first instruction with information to control a display of a static video portion, storing a second instruction with information to control a display of a dynamic video portion, and retrieving data corresponding to the first instruction and the second instruction to display the video content including the static video portion and the dynamic video portion. 
Also described are related methods of editing the video content and making the video content available for display via the Internet 
A method, system, and apparatus are directed towards computing minimum mean squared error (MMSE) predictive-transform (PT) source coding integrated with subband compression to further improve the performance of low bit rate MMSE PT source coders. 
A desirable byproduct of the advanced scheme is that the incorporation of joint optimum prediction and transformation from subband to subband is ideally suited to its integration with JPEG2000 to yield even higher compression levels while producing an outstanding objective as well as subjective visual performanc 
An optical display having integrated functions in one or more layer is disclosed. 
Specifically, the optical display having two or more of the optical components integrated into a single layer without laminating two different layers of material together. 
A method of making a wire grids polarizer is also disclosed 
Methods of forming a semiconductor package including a single-sided substrate are disclosed. 
In a first embodiment of the present invention, a substrate may include a conductive layer on a top surface of the substrate, i.e., on the same side of the substrate as where the die are mounted. 
In a second embodiment of the present invention, a substrate may include a conductive layer on a bottom of the substrate, i.e., on the opposite side of the substrate as where the die are mounted 
In some aspects, the invention involves assisting a user in choosing a musical instrument. 
User information may be gathered from the user, and a musical instrument compatibility recommendation may be generated and provided to the user. 
The user information can include eye-hand coordination information, musical idea ability information, instrument tonal preferences information, inner pulse information, personal information, or combinations thereof 
The invention is directed to a method of treating a subject diagnosed with prostate cancer which comprises co-administering mitoxantrone in combination with an IL-6 antagonist 
A fracture fixation plate system for use on a long bone having a metaphysis and a diaphysis, includes at least one end plate having a head portion for the metaphysis, and at least one diaphyseal plate having a first end and a second end with a plurality of screw holes therebetween. 
The end plate includes mating structure adapted to mate with and securely couple to at least one end of the at least one diaphyseal plate. 
The system preferably includes several end plates and diaphyseal plates to accommodate anatomy of various sizes 
A new proppant comprises a proppant particle substrate, a water-soluble external coating on the proppant particle substrate and a microparticulate reinforcing and spacing agent at least partially embedded in the water-soluble external coating in a manner such that the microparticulate reinforcing agent is substantially released from the proppant particle substrate when the water-soluble coating dissolves or degrades 
Embodiments of an austenitic stainless steel include, in weight percentages based on total weight of the steel: 0.05 to 0.2 carbon; 0.08 to 0.2 nitrogen; 20 to 23 chromium; 25 to 27 nickel; 1 to 2 molybdenum; greater than 1.5 to 4.0 manganese; 0.20 to 0.75 niobium; up to 0.1 titanium; iron; and incidental impurities. 
Certain other embodiments of an austenitic stainless steel include, in weight percentages based on total weight of the steel: 0.05 to 0.2 carbon; 0.08 to 0.2 nitrogen; 20 to 23 chromium; 25 to 27 nickel; 1 to 2 molybdenum; up 4.0 manganese; 0.20 to 0.75 niobium; at least one of no greater than 0.1 titanium and no greater than 0.1 aluminum; iron; and incidental impurities 
A method and apparatus for compensating for channel depletion of a multi-channel signal in an optical link or optical network comprising a chain of optical amplifiers. 
The method comprises determining channel depletion for each amplifier from the power of the input signal to the optical amplifier and the power of the output signal from the previous amplifier. Each amplifier is then controlled to amplify the signal to a level equal to the nominal (ideal) power plus the calculated channel depletion for that amplifier 
The invention relates to an optical element (1) having a base body (2) that contains a base material (13), and a filling body (3) that contains a filling material (7). Said filling body adheres to the base body (2). 
The invention also relates to a radiation-emitting component (10) and to a method for producing an optical element (1) 
Semiconductor dies and methods to mold lock a semiconductor die are disclosed. 
A disclosed example semiconductor die includes a top surface (12), a bottom surface (14), and a plurality of sides joining the top surface and the bottom surface. 
At least one of the sides includes an interference structure to mold lock the die in a package 
Provided are thermoplastic elastomer compositions, many dynamically vulcanized, with superior crystallization kinetics, methods for making the compositions and articles made therefrom. 
The thermoplastic elastomer compositions comprise at least a propylene polymer thermoplastic, a rubber and a crystallization additive. 
The processes for preparation of the thermoplastic elastomer compositions comprises dynamic vulcanization of mixture of a propylene polymer thermoplastic, a rubber and a cure agent followed by addition of a crystallization additive. 
Further, preparation of articles from the thermoplastic elastomer compositions may be accomplished through traditional thermoforming operations useful with conventional thermoplastics 
A symmetrical blocking transient voltage suppressing (TVS) circuit for suppressing a transient voltage includes an NPN transistor having a base electrically connected to a common source of two transistors whereby the base is tied to a terminal of a low potential in either a positive or a negative voltage transient. 
The two transistors are two substantially identical transistors for carrying out a substantially symmetrical bi-directional clamping a transient voltage. 
These two transistors further include a first and second MOSFET transistors having an electrically interconnected source. 
The first MOSFET transistor further includes a drain connected to a high potential terminal and a gate connected to the terminal of a low potential and the second MOSFET transistor further includes a drain connected to the terminal of a low potential terminal and a gate connected to the high potential terminal 
A dendrite-resistant separator layer for use in alkaline zinc-silver oxide storage batteries comprises a coating of a cross-linked polyvinyl alcohol polymer filled with zirconium oxide powder. 
The separator layer may be free-standing or be applied to a substrate, and can optionally comprise additives such as a conductivity enhancer, a surfactant, or a plasticizer 
SMS messages are delivered to non-SMS devices (110) (e.g., wireline devices in legacy communication networks (104)). 
Upon receiving an incoming SMS message, a message application server (114, 122) (e.g., SMSC) can detect, based on the directory number of the destination terminal, whether the destination terminal (110) is a non-SMS device. 
If the destination terminal (110) is a non-SMS device, the SMSC (114, 122) initiates delivery of the SMS message according to a delivery profile appropriate to the destination device. 
Exemplary delivery profiles include a spoken text message format, an ISUP- compatible text format or a caller ID message format 
Methods and apparatus for providing light in an interferometric modulator device are provided. 
In one embodiment, a microelectromechanical system (MEMS) is provided that includes a transparent substrate and a plurality of interferometric modulators. 
The interferometric modulators include an optical stack coupled to the transparent substrate, a reflective layer over the optical stack, and one or more posts to support the reflective and to provide a path for light from a backlight for lighting the interferometric modulators 
The invention is method and apparatus for determining a physiological characteristic by detecting the intensity of light following tissue absorption at two wavelengths, estimating the pulse amplitude and indexing a calculated physiological characteristic to the estimated pulse amplitude. 
In one embodiment, the ratio of logarithms of absorbance signal amplitude is indexed to the pulse amplitude to improve the accuracy of arterial oxygen saturation as determined by a pulse oximeter 
A individually formed EL module device, named herein as a nixel, adapted to be integrated into a modular electroluminescent display (ELD), is presented. 
The nixel of the present invention can be in the form of a subpixel, a pixel, or a plurality thereof. 
The nixel can be made in a variety of shapes, and can be individually tested and sorted according to its mechanical and/or electrical attributes prior to being integrated into an ELD. 
A customized ELD can be made by selecting nixels of particular characteristics in accordance with ELD application and/or user specifications. 
Nixels can easily be arranged to form a variety of color patterns on an ELD. 
A nixel can include a lower electrode layer, a ceramic base layer, a first charge injection layer, a phosphor layer, a second charge injection layer and an upper electrode layer. 
Nixels can be positioned on a flexible display structure to produce a flexible and scalable ELD 
Disclosed herein is a high-strength calcium phosphate cement having a short settingsettingfor joining bone, which is produced by mixing calcium phosphate powder, such as dicalcium phosphate anhydrous (DCPA), tetracalcium phosphate (TTCP), a-tricalcium phosphate (a-TCP), or the like, with biodegradable and water-insoluble polymeric acid powder, such as polyaspartic acid (PAA), polyglutamic acid (PGA), alginic acid (AA), carrageenanic acid (CA), or the like 
Disclosed herein are a broadcasting receiver for displaying a plurality of recorded broadcasting programs so as to be differentiated from one another and searching for, selecting and reproducing a specific program, and a method of displaying recorded data. 
A plurality of image contents processed by image processing is recorded, the image contents are recorded or the recorded image contents are read, and on-screen display (OSD) information of the recorded image contents is generated. 
A first progress bar (s120) for displaying the plurality of recorded image contents in the unit of blocks so as to be differentiated from one another and a second progress bar (s150) for displaying detailed information of any one of the image contents displayed in the first progress bar (s120) are generated, the read image contents are displayed on a screen, and the generated first and second progress bars (s120, s150) are displayed 
Disclosed is an apparatus for removing deposits and water in a water system which includes a rotatable drum partially or entirely formed of a straining sieve so as for deposits and water in a lower position of a water system to be introduced into the drum, a suction device including a suction pipe passing through a center of the drum and serving as a rotational shaft, wherein one or a plurality of suction holes is formed in the suction pipe so as to be disposed inside the drum and the suction device is structured so as to be connected to a transfer pipe which transfers the deposits and water which are inhaled into the suction pipe to the outside of the water system, and a sectioning plate restricting the flow of the deposits and water so as for the deposits and the water to be introduced into the drum through the straining sieve disposed near the suction hole 
A position detection system of a detection body and a position detection method of a detection body in which calibration can be performed without removing the detection body after the detection body is introduced into a detection space. 
The position detection system of a detection body is characterized by comprising a section (3) for generating a position detecting magnetic field, a detection body (5) having a resonance circuit (21) generating a resonance magnetic field and an external signal type switch for connecting/disconnecting the passage of the resonance circuit (21), a switch control section (7) for controlling connection/disconnection of the external signal type switch, a position detecting magnetic field detection section (9) for detecting at least one of the magnetic field strengths of the position detection magnetic field and the resonance magnetic field, and a section (11) for calculating the position and the orientation of the detection body (5) based on the detection signal from the position detecting magnetic field detection section (9) 
A container made of paper which is in an evenly foamed state and has excellent heat-insulating properties. 
The container made of paper comprises a barrel member and a bottom member, wherein the barrel member comprises a paper base and a foamed thermoplastic resin layer formed thereon. 
The foamed thermoplastic resin layer is one obtained by forming a thermoplastic resin layer on at least one side of the paper base by extrusion laminating under such conditions that the time required for the thermoplastic resin in a molten state extruded from a T-die to reach the paper base is 0.11-0.33 seconds and thermally evaporating the water contained in the paper base to thereby foam the thermoplastic resin layer 
[PROBLEMS] To reduce the circuit scale and the power consumption and achieve a faster logarithmic likelihood ratio calculation independently of the numbers of multilevels of modulation schemes. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] A region detecting circuit receives a hard decision bit of the bits representative of the P-axis coordinates of a received signal point and detects, based on the received hard decision bit, and outputs a region on a phase plane where the coordinates of the received signal point exist. 
An LLR circuit receives a soft decision bit of the bits representative of the coordinates of the received signal point and calculates, based on the received soft decision bit, a primary LLR. 
An LLR converter calculates, based on the output of the region detecting circuit (the region detection result), an ultimate LLR. 
By use of the arrangement described above, the range, within which the value of the logarithmic likelihood ratio varies in accordance with the position of the received signal point, is limited only between adjacent signal points including the hard decision threshold value of the bits, thereby calculating the logarithmic likelihood ratio 
It is possible to provide a prediction coefficient operation device and method, an image data operation device and method, a program, and a recording medium which can accurately correct blur in an image. 
A blur addition unit (11) adds a blur to parent image data according to the model blur data so as to generate a child image data. 
A tap construction unit (17) constructs an image prediction tape from the child image data. 
According to the parent image data and the image prediction tap, a prediction coefficient operation unit (18) calculates a prediction coefficient for generating image data corresponding to the parent image data from the image data corresponding to the child image data. 
The present invention may be applied to an image processing device 
A front structure for a vehicle, capable of efficiently absorbing collision energy irrespective of the type of collision. 
In the front structure, a load transmission member disposed on the inner side-surface at a front corner of a sub frame has a load transmission member male part mounted on a front frame and a load transmission member female part mounted on a side frame. 
In a collision type where a localized load is inputted into the front frame, the load transmission member male part and the load transmission member female part are fitted to each other, and this prevents the front frame from rotating in the direction of approaching the side frame and causes an inputted collision load to be transmitted to the side frame through the load transmission member. 
In a collision type where a collision load is inputted in the direction of the axis of the side frame, the load transmission member mail part is separated from the load transmission member female part, and the transmission of load through the load transmission member is interrupted 
An internal combustion engine capable of using a wide variety of fuel types, in which optimal combustion control according to characteristics of fuel led into a combustion chamber is performed. 
In the engine, at least either of two types of fuel (first fuel (F1), second fuel (F2)) having different properties or a mixed fuel that is a combination of the at least two types of fuel is led into the combustion chamber (CC) and combusted mainly at a theoretical air-fuel ratio. 
The engine has fuel characteristic determination means (electronic control device (1)) for determining combustionability and anti-knock properties of fuel led into the combustion chamber (CC); combustion mode setting means (electronic control device (1)) for setting a compression self-igniting diffusion combustion mode when the fuel has high combustion ability, setting a pre-mixture spark igniting flame propagation combustion mode when the fuel has low combustion ability and high anti-knock properties, and setting a spark assist compression self-igniting diffusion combustion mode when the fuel has low combustion ability and antiknock properties; and combustion control execution means (electronic control device (1)) for operating the engine with a combustion mode set by the combustion mode setting means 
The invention relates to a basin for treating waste water that comprises a plurality of macrophyte-bed purification tanks. 
Each tank comprises a first set of waste water distribution pipes (22, 24) arranged above the tank for distributing the waste water above the tank and a first set of purified water draining pipes (26, 28, 30) provided at the bottom of the tank for recovering the purified water, as well as a second set of waste water distribution pipes (32) located under the surface of the macrophyte bed and upstream relative to the tank for distributing the waste water into the tank and a second set of purified water draining pipes (34) provided at the bottom of the tank and downstream thereof for recovering the purified water. 
Valves (36, 38, 40, 42, 44, 52, 56) are provided for either connecting the inlet of the waste water to the first set of distribution pipes and for connecting the outlet of the purified water to the first set of draining pipes when the tank is used as a vertical filter, or for connecting the inlet of the waste water to the second set of distribution pipes and for connecting the outlet of the purified water to the second set of draining pipes when the tank is used as a horizontal filter 
The invention relates to a valve (4) of a converter (2) of a high-voltage direct current transmission system having a plurality of valve sections (38), each comprising a plurality of thyristors (46) electrically connected in series, and a surge arrester (32), which is electrically connected in parallel to the valve (4). 
According to the invention, a surge arrester (58) is connected electrically in parallel to each valve section (38). 
Thus a thyristor valve of a converter (2) of a high-voltage direct current transmission system is obtained, which does not require control capacitors 
Method for detecting the state of a load device (2) which can be connected to a switching connection (5), wherein the switching connection (5) can be coupled to, and decoupled from, a predefined switching potential (GND, VBR), wherein a voltage drop across the switching connection (5) is used as a basis for detecting whether the load device (2) is connected to the switching connection (5), the load device (2) is not connected to the switching connection (5) or there is a short circuit between the switching connection (5) and a first or a second switching potential (GND, VBR), and wherein an additional current source (10) is connected to the switching connection (5) at the same time as the switching connection (5) is decoupled from the predefined switching potential (GND, VBR) 
The invention relates to an apparatus (1) for taking off solids-loaded process water from a sedimentation tank (10) of a sewage treatment plant, and has a takeoff line (30) which, at its first end (32), forms an intake orifice (34) for process water, with it being further provided for this to be introduced into the sedimentation tank (10) by the first end (32) and is connected by its second end (36) to the pump (20). 
In addition it comprises a pump (20) for taking off solids-loaded process water from the sedimentation tank (10), which pump is connected to the takeoff line (30), a probe (40) for determining the solids content, or a value equivalent to the solids content, of the process water drawn in by the pump (20) 
An electronic sport game system based on web comprises a website (1), a computer device (2) and an electronic sport game device (3). 
Set datum which are received by a responding program (12) in a server device (10) of the website can be uploaded to the server device (10) through a web page (11) by the computer device (2). 
According to the set datum, the responding program (12) responds a corresponding web page (11) which has a sport game program area (110) and a commercial program area (111), and is carried to the computer device (2). 
A corresponding sport game is provided in the sport game program area (110) in which processing status of the sport game is displayed. 
Operation of the sport game is controlled according to a signal. 
At least one advertisement/ drumbeating object is inserted in the commercial program area (111) 
The Method and system for communication of application fingerprint based on the credit verification relate to the technique for validating, identifying and recognizing the credit application in the computer system. 
The system comprises: client module: for validating with a authentication sub-module, acquiring an application fingerprint, and identifying and encrypting the data sent by the predetermined application using the application fingerprint; authentication sub-module: for validating with the client module, and generating the application fingerprint and sending it to the verification module and the client module; management module: for daily maintenance, managing, configuring, examining result and output the report forms etc; verification module: for recognizing and decrypting the data packet with credit. 
It is guaranteed that only the appointed data packet is transported in the communication tunnel whether it is relatively secure, and the feature of the credit content needs not to be considered, and there is no requirement to upgrade the database of the feature 
A method for obtaining a quality of service of multimedia broadcast/multicast service includes the following steps: first step, radio network controller broadcasts a quality measure control message in a system broadcast message of a cell or in a public control channel of the multimedia broadcast/multicast service; second step, user equipment receives the quality measure control message when it receives the multimedia broadcast/multicast service, and measures the quality of a transmission channel according to the quality measure control message; third step, the user equipment sends a quality information report obtained from the quality measurement to the radio network controller 
A medical safety injector (1) includes a needle hub (11) connecting to a needle (10); a hollow barrel (12) which can fasten the needle hub (11) and lead the needle hub (11) to retract to the hollow barrel (12) after the injection has finished; and a plunger combination (14) disposed in the hollow barrel (12), wherein the plunger combination (14) includes a retractable plunger (15) and a hollow shank (16) sheathing to the retractable plunger (15), the outer side wall of the retractable plunger (15) forms at least one protrusion (150) on the sheathing area with the hollow shank (16), in order to correspondingly block to at least one concave forming on the inner side wall of the hollow shank (16). 
When the injection of the medically safety injector (1) finishes and the operator continuously applies force to the plunger combination (14), the retractable plunger (15) may retract into the hollow shank (16), and leaves a barrel space to accept the needle hub (11), thus improves the operation of the singlehanded injection 
A service transmitting method of mobile multi-media broadcasting network. 
The sending side of the mobile multi-media broadcasting system adds an updating indication of multiplexing configuration information at service information slot, in order to indicate whether the multiplexing configuration information of the next frame is updated or not; the sending side firstly sends the multiplexing configuration information to the receiving terminal and sends the updating indication of the multiplexing configuration information to the terminal in advance; the terminal acquires the needed service according to the received multiplexing configuration information and monitors whether the multiplexing configuration information is going tochange by monitoring the updating indication, the terminal stops monitoring in case monitors the updating indication, and records the updating indication; when the terminal needs to receive other services, it queried whether the updating indication is recorded, if yes, it re-acquires the multiplexing configuration information, and acquires the needed service hereby, removes the original updating indication at the same time, and re-starts monitoring the updating indication of the multiplexing configuration information 
A heat pipe radiator (1) and manufacturing method thereof are disclosed. 
The heat pipe radiator (1) comprises a heat pipe (11) and a base (12) supporting the heat pipe (11). 
The heat pipe (11) has a heat absorbing portion (111) and a heat radiating portion (112) connected to the heat absorbing portion (111) by bending. 
A groove (121) is arranged on one side of the base (12). 
The heat absorbing portion (111) of the heat pipe (11) is clamped in the groove (121) by extruding 
A wood floor with an elevated base includes several composite boards (1), and several fasteners (2) connecting the composite boards (1). 
Each of the fasteners (2) has two locating studs (21), and each of the composite boards (1) has attachment holes (11) cooperated with the studs (21). 
With the same size and shape as those of the composite boards (1), the wood floors (3) are jointed on the upper surface of the composite boards (1) 
The apparatus for determining the filling level of silos (1) has at least three tubular supports (5) with a round cross section. 
At least one of these supports (5) has a sensor which determines the changes in the diameter of this support (5) and uses them to ascertain the axial load. 
The further supports (5) concomitantly have converters (15) with computers (20). 
In this case, a tension or pressure element (8) obliquely penetrates the support (5) at an angle a. Since the elastic longitudinal compression is approximately three times as great as the transverse elongation on the basis of the Poisson relationship, additional load on the support (5) results in the tension or pressure element (8) being relieved. 
If the supports (5) are cooled rapidly, the tension or pressure element (8) initially remains at the original temperature and length. This results in the converters (15) interpreting this as relief of the silo (1). 
Those sensors which measure the diameters of the supports (5) interpret this in the same manner. 
Discriminator or differential circuits can be respectively used to distinguish whether these short-term changes in load take place on account of transient changes in temperature or are real changes in load 
The invention describes a system for transmitting product information for a product. 
The system contains a product with an electronic controller for capturing and/or storing product information, where the product information comprises standard information about the product and current product information, a barcode production component for producing a barcode for presenting the product information, the barcode production means being connected to the product for data transfer or being integrated in the product, and a barcode update device for updating the barcode on the basis of the standard information about the product and current product information. 
There is also a capture module for information capture for the product information from the barcode using an image recorder 
Self-sealing structural installation strip assemblies for a framed unit and related apparatuses and methods are discussed. 
An installation strip assembly comprises a main body having an inner portion and an outer portion. 
In an example, a leg of the inner portion, in conjunction with portions of a unit groove seal, are received and retained in a groove of a unit frame member. 
The unit groove seal provides a seal between the installation strip assembly and the framed unit. 
At a building site, the installation strip may be folded from a substantially flush position with respect to a frame member to an outwardly extending position allowing the strip to be secured to a building structure extending around a rough unit opening using one or more fasteners. 
The upper portion of the main body can optionally include at least one of a fastener seal, a flashing seal, or a wall seal 
Disclosed is a composition which can ameliorate the brain function effectively and is safe. 
Specifically disclosed are: a pharmaceutical composition or a food/beverage additive composition comprising a Bacopa monniera extract and a milk-derived sphingophospholipid; a pharmaceutical composition or a beverage/food additive composition comprising bacoside and a sphingophospholipid; and a food or beverage comprising the pharmaceutical composition or the food/beverage additive composition 
An electronic tag is configured to be responsive to a TTO or TTF protocol energising signal from a reader, but to suspend transmission when receiving an RTF protocol communication signal from a reader. 
The tag typically includes a protocol detector 120 which is operable to detect receipt of an RTF protocol communication signal and to suspend transmission when the electronic tag receives an RTF protocol communication signal from a reader 
The present invention provides a method for making a vertical interconnect through a substrate. 
The method makes use of a sacrificial buried layer 220 arranged in between the first side 202 and the second side 204 of a substrate 200. 
After having etched trenches 206 and 206' from the first side, the sacrificial buried layer 220 functions as a stop layer during etching of holes 218 and 218' from the second side, therewith protecting the trenches from damage during overetch of the holes. 
The etching of trenches is completely decoupled from etching of the holes providing several advantages for process choice and device manufacture. 
After removing part of the sacrificial buried layer to interconnect the trenches and the holes, the resulting vertical interconnect hole is filled to form a vertical interconnect 
The apparatus 10 for electromagnetic energy transfer comprises a charging fixture 1 with a contact surface 4 and a generator coil 2 forming a resonator circuit with a capacitance. 
The charging fixture 1 is preferably arranged as an elongated bar whereon a plurality of chargeable electronic devices 5 can be arranged. 
In order to implement electromagnetic energy transfer from the charging fixture 1 to the electronic device 5 the latter has to be arranged with a pick-up circuit for generating secondary alternating current in a loop, preferably a secondary resonator circuit. 
In order to fix a position of the electronic device 5 on the charging bar 1, the charging bar is preferably arranged with a projection 3 extending in a plane of the contact surface 4. 
The electronic device 5 can be shaped to be hanged on the projection and removed from it in accordance with arrow 6 
A wireless communication system constructed by a MIMO antenna system and transmitting information from a transmitter having Nt number of transmitting antennas to a receiver 3 having Nr number of receiving antennas. 
The receiver 3 of this wireless communication system 1 linking the inputs and outputs between a demodulating unit 32 demodulating the input signals from receiving antennas 31 and a decoding unit 35 receiving as input that demodulation output and decoding the non-binary LDPC code of the GF(q) one-to-one under predetermined conditions to enable the inputs and outputs of this demodulating unit 32 and decoding unit 35 to be directly connected and thereby improve the decoding characteristic. 
That predetermined condition is preferably q=2 <SUP>Nt.m</SUP> 
The present disclosure relates to silica particles and, in embodiments, to organically- substituted silica particles. 
The particles are useful for the adsorption of compounds, particularly the adsorption and desorption of compounds in for example matrix assisted mass spectroscopy techniques or chromatographic techniques. 
The present disclosure further relates to such techniques, the preparation of the particles and other subject matter 
A process for the hydrogenation of carboxylic acids and/or derivatives, particularly amides, is described. 
The process includes reacting an acid or derivative such as an amide with a source of hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst system. 
The catalyst system obtainable by combining: (a) a source of ruthenium, and (b) a phosphine compound of general Formula I: (Formula I). 
The hydrogenation reaction is carried out in the presence of a low concentration of water or at low pressure or in the presence of a source of ammonia or the hydrogenation reaction is carried out in the absence of water or a combination of these factors is utilised. 
The invention also relates to the use of ammonia in the production of primary amines by hydrogenation of carboxylic acids and/or derivatives thereof or a process for the production of primary amines generally 
A safety device for a medical needle (11) having a sharp tip and a mount (14) spaced from the tip includes a tubular support (20) for the needle mount and a protective sleeve (21) carried by the support for sliding movement between a retracted position and a protecting position. 
A slot (34) is formed in the sleeve (21) with portions (36) of greater width at the forward and rearward ends of the slot. 
The tubular support (20) has a guide element (27) slidably received in the slot (34) and a locking element (28) deformable inwardly of the sleeve and receivable in the greater width portions of the slot. 
The locking element (28) is profiled to permit forward sliding movement of the sleeve (21) from its retracted position but when received in the rearward portion of the slot, then resists rearward sliding movement of the sleeve 
This invention generally relates to improved methods of fabricating molecular electronic devices, in particular organic electronic devices such as organic light emitting diodes (OLEDs) by droplet deposition techniques such as ink jet printing. 
The invention also relates to molecular device substrates fabricated by and/or use in such methods. 
We describe an optical or optoelectronic device comprising a substrate and a plurality of discrete bank structures disposed on the substrate, wherein: each bank structure defines the perimeter of at least one well; one or more of a charge transporting, charge injecting, light-filtering and light-emitting material is disposed in the well; and at least one bank structure defines the perimeter of at least one well and does not extend to the perimeter of any adjacent well. 
Thus in embodiments no part of said perimeter defines the bank of more than one well 
The present invention relates to the synthesis of leukotriene receptor agonist compounds and to novel intermediates employed in their preparation. 
Leukotriene agonists are used in the treatment of asthma, as well as other conditions mediated by leukotrienes such as inflammation and allergies. 
A compound of particular interest is montelukast and the present invention describes an improved process for making montelukast and similar compounds 
A method of generating a dominant frequency map of a cardiac area in a patient. The method comprises the steps of: (i) processing a plurality of electrograms from the patient by Fourier transformation to generate a power frequency spectrum. 
Each electrogram corresponds to a portion of the cardiac area measured substantially simultaneously. Step (ii) comprises selecting the highest value from each power frequency spectrum as the dominant frequency at the corresponding portion of the cardiac area. 
Each dominant frequency is determined in respect of a period of at least 7 seconds 
The invention provides multimeric particle comprising metal-containing particles covalently bonded to one another by linker groups wherein at least some of said linker groups are cleavable. 
The invention further provides a contrast agent comprising said multimeric particles, along with a method of improving contrast of an image using said contrast agent 
The present invention relates to a control system for a marine vessel, and in particular a system that integrates control of a plurality of machine components required to operate the vessel. 
This is achieved using a data network connecting the machine components to a control server. 
The control server receives sensor data from at least some of said machine components over the data network, automatically generates appropriate control signals, and sends the control signals to the machine components. 
The control server comprises control logic implemented in software that is used to carry out automatic generation of the control signals 
The invention relates to a method for increasing the pathogen resistance in plants and/or plant cells, the content of Rpi-blb1 and Rpi-blb2 in the plants and/or the plant cells being increased relative to the original plants 
The present invention provides a method for estimating a channel in a communications system. 
In the communications system, data is transmitted in at least one unit. 
The channel is estimated based on a first pilot symbol and on a second pilot symbol, resulting in a first channel estimation output and a second channel estimation output. 
For each received unit, the method comprises the following steps: In a first step, a first channel estimation is determined by utilizing said first and second channel estimation output according to a first channel estimation scheme. 
In a second step, a second channel estimation is determined by utilizing said first and second channel estimation output according to a second channel estimation scheme. 
In a third step, the method selects between said first and said second channel estimation scheme to be applied based on a decision metric. 
The decision metric quantifies a distance between expected data and data equalized based on said first and second channel estimation 
The present invention relates to a micro-machined accelerometer that uses a mobile seismic mass (100) suspended with relation to a substrate by elastic links (12, 14) only allowing a translation in its own plane along a sensitive axis (Oy); the mass acts on at least one elongated resonator (20) through a force amplification structure related to that resonator; the amplification structure includes a rigid lever arm (30) having a first end (32) connected to the seismic mass by a link (36) having a high stiffness in the mass plane in the direction of the sensitive axis and a low stiffness in the perpendicular direction, and a second end (34) connected to an anchoring point (A6) on the substrate. 
The second end (34) of the lever arm is a rigid head part surrounding the anchoring point (A6) and connected to said anchoring point by a link (38, 40) capable of rotation about a rotation centre (M); the resonator has one end attached to the rigid head part at point (B) so that the longitudinal axis of the resonator extends at a distance h from the centre of rotation (M) of the rotating link that is less than the length L of the lever arm but different from zero 
The invention relates to a water-conducting domestic appliance, in particular a domestic dishwasher (2), comprising a conduit system (14). 
The invention is characterised by a detergent feed device (18), designed to feed at least one detergent into the conduit system (14) of the domestic dishwasher (2). 
The invention also relates to a refill body (32) 
The invention relates to image sensors in the form of a signal-integrating, moving multi-line linear array for the synchronized reading of the same linear image in succession by N lines of P photo-sensitive pixels and the summation, pixel by pixel, of the signals read by the various lines. 
According to the invention, at the start of a photogenerated-charge integration time, the voltage is applied to the photodiode of the pixel of an intermediate line of rank i, this voltage being the output voltage of a pixel of a previous line of rank i-1, the photodiode is isolated, the charges due to the light are integrated therein and, finally, at the end of integration time, the charges on the photodiode are transferred to a storage node (N2) of the pixel. 
A charge-voltage conversion circuit (T4, T5) converts the charges on the storage node into a pixel output voltage. 
Thus, before photogenerated charges are integrated in each pixel, the photodiode receives a charge equivalent to an accumulation of charges coming from the previous pixel lines that observed the same line of the scene 
The microelectromechanical system (MEMS) package includes a substrate onto which is disposed or otherwise formed an active MEMS device, a cap for hermetically sealing the MEMS package and a pair of barrier walls for preventing bonding material for the cap from contaminating unintended areas of the substrate 
Methods and compositions are provided for the diagnosis and treatment of lung cancers associated with amplification or overexpression of the PRO gene 
Methods, systems, and articles of manufacture consistent with the present invention generate correct citations dynamically, interactively and in real time based on the context in which the citation appears and on certain user preferences. 
A user inputs information for a citation and requests the citation generator program to generate a correct citation. 
The citation generator program generates the citation and inserts it into a document. 
Further, the citation generator program may format citations by applying stylistic rules to the presentation of the citations, verifying the accuracy of the citations, applying corrections and changes to the citations, and maintaining and updating the citations as the document of which they are a part is edited 
A locomotive brake system includes a plurality of electronic air brake controllers for controlling at least a train brake pipe and a locomotive brake pipe interconnected by a communication network, A communication port and a system controller are connected to the network. 
The system controller controls the configuration of the electronic air brake controllers for standard mode and remote mode of the brake system and assembling EAB network signals for communication between a remote locomotive controller to be connected to the communication port and the electronic air brake controllers 
The present invention relates to a system and method to enable subscriber self-activation and configuration of wireless data terminals by means of an activate button provided through the User Interface (UI). 
This allows for operations to be performed on the device by self-care. 
Any wireless device, in order to access the network needs credentials. 
This invention generates temporary credentials to present to the network for service activation. 
Once access is granted to the network, the device can be activated and configured for using the resources of the network 
A counter-rotating fluid-propelling apparatus (800) comprises at least two identical interlocking counter-rotating bodies (801, 802) having a number of rectangular flat panels (811-814), each panel having planar surfaces, and each body having an axis of rotation that passes lengthwise through the middle of the body such that the axis is parallel to and equidistant from the longer edges of the panels. 
The operation of the apparatus begins with the bodies having a panel from each body abutting against each other. 
The bodies then counter-rotate with respect to each other driven by a motor (860), such that the panels separate while the vertices between panels remain in contact. 
This counter-rotating operation causes a displacement of ambient fluid residing beneath the apparatus in a downward motion due to the coming together of panels, and displacement of ambient fluid above the apparatus downward into a vacuum formed due to the separation of panels 
Disclosed are methods for isolating cell populations enriched in tumor stem cells (cancer stem cells), and isolated cell populations substantially enriched in cancer stem cells that are tumorigenic in vivo. 
Also provided are new methods of tumor diagnosis and classification and personalized methods of treatment for subjects with tumors, based on the availability of populations of cancer stem cells derived from the subject's tumor using the disclosed methods 
A gaming system for conducting a wagering game allows players, casino operators, and/or gaming machine manufacturers to selectively combine base games and bonus games. 
This modular approach allows players, casino operators, and/or gaming machine manufacturers to mix and match base games and bonus games as needed. 
In some embodiments, players, casino operators, and/or gaming machine manufacturers may also select different game features to employ in the bonus and/or base games. 
Such an arrangement allows players, casino operators, and/or gaming machine manufacturers to configure each base game and/or bonus game according to their preferences 
A composite comprising a first layer comprising a first material including nanoparticles dispersed therein, wherein the first material comprises a material capable of transporting charge, a second layer comprising a second material, and a backing element that is removably attached to the uppermost layer of the composite or the lowermost layer of the composite. 
In certain preferred embodiments, a least a portion of the nanoparticles include a ligand attached to a surface thereof. 
Methods are also disclosed. Products including a composite is further provided. 
Composite materials can be particularly well-suited for use, for example, in products useful in various optical, electronic, optoelectronic, magnetic, or catalytic devices 
A hybrid button (112) according to the invention is provided. 
In one embodiment, the button can be implemented in an electronic device such as a media player. 
The button can include a metal or other non-plastic portion (200) having a reverse flange (305) and a plastic portion (202) including anit-rotation legs (307). 
The legs can prvent rotation at least in part because they are retained by another structure. 
The plastic portion can be injection-molded onto the reverse flange of the metal or non-plastic portion. 
As such, the reverse flange fixes the position of the plastic portion with respect to the metal portion. 
Finally, the metal portion can include an actuator nub (210) that actuates a switch when the button is depressed 
The invention relates to gold-coated particles useful as fuel cell electrocatalysts. 
The particles are composed of an electrocatalytically active core at least partially encapsulated by an outer shell of gold or gold alloy. 
The invention more particularly relates to such particles having a noble metal-containing core, and more particularly, a platinum or platinum alloy core. 
In other embodiments, the invention relates to fuel cells containing these electrocatalysts and methods for generating electrical energy therefrom 
It is intended to provide: (1) a preventive or a remedy for estrogen receptor-negative and HER2-negative breast cancer which contains an Akt inhibitor; (2) a preventive or a remedy for estrogen receptor-negative, progesterone receptor-negative and HER2-negative breast cancer which contains an Akt inhibitor; (3) a method of screening a preventive or a remedy for hormone receptor (for example, estrogen receptor or progesterone receptor)-negative and HER2-negative breast cancer by using an Akt inhibitory activity as an indication 
Disclosed is a method for screening for a compound capable of controlling the stability of HIF-1a. 
A compound capable of controlling the stability of HIF-1a can be screened by contacting a substance of interest with a cell in which a fusion protein having a protein fragment of HIF-1a and a HaloTag protein is expressed and detecting the emission of fluorescence caused by the HaloTag protein in the cell 
This invention provides a gallium nitride-type semiconductor epitaxial crystal substrate with a dielectric film, having a low gate leak current and very low and negligible gate lag, drain lag and current collapse characteristics. 
There is also provided a method for manufacturing a semiconductor epitaxial crystal substrate comprising a dielectric layer of a nitride dielectric material or an oxide dielectric material in an amorphous form as a passivation film or a gate insulating film applied onto the surface of a nitride semiconductor crystal layer grown by an organometal vapor phase epitaxial growth method. 
After the nitride semiconductor crystal layer is grown within an epitaxial growth furnace, the dielectric layer is also continuously grown on the nitride semiconductor crystal layer in the same epitaxial growth furnace 
A threaded joint for steel pipes having excellent galling resistance, rust preventing properties, and airtightness without using a compound grease comprises a pin and a box each having a threaded portion and an unthreaded metal-to-metal contact portion serving as contact surfaces. 
The contact surfaces of at least one of the pin and the box are coated with a multi-layered structure comprising, from the bottom, a first layer formed from a first metal or alloy, a second layer formed from a second metal or alloy which is softer than the first metal or alloy, and an uppermost layer of a solid lubricating coating comprising a lubricating powder in an organic or inorganic binder 
A method for production optimization in an oil and/or a gas production system comprising: at least two flow sources leading to at least one common downstream flow line, and at least one manipulated variable of the production system, wherein the method comprises use of: a computational model of the production system comprising an interdependence between flow rates of said flow sources and a flow rate of the downstream flow line, and values of the manipulated variable; a feasible set defined by at least one constraint of the manipulated variable, and an objective function, to be optimized within said feasible set, defined by using said computational model. 
The method comprises the steps of: - splitting by calculation said feasible set into at least two subsets, - calculating, for each of said subsets, a best bound of said objective function by using said computational model, and - manipulating said manipulated variable by using said best bound to optimise said oil and/or gas production 
This invention relates to gadolinium-containing magnesium alloys, particularly those which possess high strength combined with corrosion resistance, and an optimised balance of strength and ductility. 
The described alloys consist of 2.0 to 5.0, preferably 2.3 to 4.6, at% in total of gadolinium and at least one of soluble heavy lanthanides and yttrium, wherein the ratio of the aggregate amount of soluble heavy lanthanides and yttrium to the amount of gadolinium is between 1.25:1 and 1.75:1, and preferably approximately 1.5:1, from 0 up to 0.3 at% of zirconium, preferably at least 0.03 at%, optionally with zinc, wherein when zinc is present the amount of zinc is such that the ratio of the weight of zinc to the weight of zirconium is preferably less than 2:1, and more preferably less than 0.75:1, all other lanthanides, viz. lanthanum, cerium, praseodymium, neodymium, promethium, samarium, europium and ytterbium in an aggregate amount of less than at 0.2 at%, and preferably less than 0.1 at%, the balance being magnesium, with any other element being present in an amount of no more than 0.2 at%, and preferably no more than 0.1 at%, and more preferably being present only as an incidental impurity 
The present invention relates to a screen for identification of new anthelmintic agents, in particular to anti-haemonchus agents, as well as the preparation of a protein/peptide for use as a vaccine or immunogenic agent against helminths, such as haemonchus 
A method of controlling the physical interface between two wellbore servicing fluids during the displacement of one wellbore servicing fluid by another, the method comprising selecting a liquid plug having a viscosity greater than the viscosity of the two wellbore servicing fluids, introducing a first wellbore servicing fluid into the wellbore, introducing a volume of the liquid plug into the wellbore, and introducing a second wellbore servicing fluid into the wellbore, wherein the liquid plug is selected such that the mixing between the two wellbore servicing fluids is minimized 
An electrode comprising a metallic conductive support and a paste comprising an electrochemically active substance and a binder; the binder comprising at least one ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymer in a proportion by weight of at least approximately 0.25% relative to the weight of said paste, the binder comprising neither polystyrene nor butadiene copolymer. An alkaline-electrolyte battery comprising such an electrode 
The invention relates to a process for recovering Group VIB metals from a catalyst, in particular a spent bulk catalyst, comprising one or more Group VIB metals and one or more Group VIII metals. 
Further, the invention relates to a solid Group VIB metal compound obtainable by the process according to the invention having the general formula H<SUB>2</SUB>XO<SUB>4</SUB>, wherein X = W<SUB>1-y</SUB>Mo<SUB>y</SUB>, wherein y is between O and 1 and to its use in a process for the manufacture of a fresh catalyst. 
The process comprises the steps of: a) oxidizing the one or more Group VIB metals to one or more Group VIB metal oxides; b) separating the one or more Group VIB metal oxides from the one or more Group VIII metals; c) dissolving the one or more Group VIB metal oxides in water to produce an aqueous solution of one or more Group VIB metal oxides; d) precipitating the one or more Group VIB metal oxides from the aqueous solution by adding alkaline earth metal (Group IIa) ions to the aqueous solution; e) optionally filtering and washing the precipitate; and f) transforming the precipitate by adding an acid to form a solid metal compound comprising one or more Group VIB metals 
The present invention provides a process for obtaining a hydrocarbon-enriched fraction from a gaseous feedstock comprising a hydrocarbon fraction and carbon dioxide, which process comprises the steps of: providing a membrane having a retentate side and a permeate side; and contacting the feedstock with the retentate side of the membrane, obtaining a hydrocarbon-enriched fraction at the permeate side of the membrane, wherein the membrane is an organic modified meso-porous membrane 
The invention relates to a device (1) for decelerating a moving mass. Said device comprises a movably guided coupling member (13) for pressing a brake lining (14) against a braking surface (15,) a brake cylinder (9), filled with a hydraulic liquid, a brake piston (10) which is movable inside the brake cylinder (9) and connected to the coupling member (13), and at least one hydraulic line (2, 3) that can be connected to the brake cylinder (9), said device ensuring the moving masses to be reliably decelerated. 
The invention is characterized in that fluidic-mechanical safety brake means (51) are used to connect the brake cylinder (9) to the one or more hydraulic lines (2, 3) 
The invention relates to a device for determining and/or monitoring a process variable, comprising a sensor element (1) and with at least one electronic unit (2) applying an electric excitation signal (AS1, AS2) for a measurement of the process variable to the sensor element (1). The electronic unit receives an electric measuring signal (MS1, MS2) for the measurement of the process variable from the sensor element (1) and evaluates the measuring signal (MS1, MS2) in relation to the process variable. In the electronic unit (2), an analog-digital-converter (3) is provided. 
A first excitation signal (AS1) and a second excitation signal (AS2) is applied to the sensor element (1) by the electronic unit (2) for each measurement of the process variable in close temporal succession, such that the first excitation signal (AS1) and the second excitation signal (AS2) comprise an adjustable phase (j) to each other 
A hinge-lid box for cigarettes having a box part (10) and a lid (11) is provided with a linear articulation means for the lid (11) in the region of a narrow side wall. 
A bottom wall (16) and an end wall (21) comprise in each case a folding tab having connecting tabs (38, 39) which are attached to said folding tab which is connected firstly to the inner side of a front wall (12) of the box part (10) and secondly to a lid front wall (17). 
In addition, an outer covering tab (49) which is connected to the lid front wall (17) can be attached in the region of the end wall (21) 
The invention relates to a wet cylinder sleeve comprising a cast base that is made of a cast iron alloy, of which at least one external surface area is provided with a thermal spray coating that is made of an iron-base alloy and has a thickness of 1 µm to 1000 µm 
When illuminated with a plane wave (16) a variable cross-coupling partial reflector (10) reflects a specific amount of a cross-polarized field (18) and a specific amount of a co-polarized field (120) and transmits the remaining power with low attenuation. 
This is achieved with a pair of frequency selective surfaces (FSS) (12,14) that are rotated with respect to the incident plane wave. 
The FSSs can be fixed with a given alignment for a particular application or a tuning mechanism can be provided to independently rotate the surfaces and adapt the reflected co- and cross-polarized fields to changing requirements. 
Of particular interest is the ability to provide a specific amount of cross-polarized reflected power while reflecting no co-polarized field over a certain range of wavelengths. 
This will be useful to increase power efficiency in, for example, wave power sources that utilize quasi-optical power by causing oscillations in reflection amplifier arrays 
An apparatus is disclosed for a communication device (100) with a low profile antenna (102). 
An apparatus that incorporates teachings of the present invention may include, for example, a communication device having an antenna coupled to a communication circuit, and a controller that manages operations thereof. 
The antenna can have a ground structure (201), an active conductor (206) supported on the ground structure by a first insulating spacer (410), a parasitic conductor (208) supported on the ground structure by a second insulating spacer (410), a first slot (210) between the active and parasitic conductors forming a coupling region, first and second conductors (404-406) coupling the ground structure to the active and parasitic conductors near the coupling region, and a signal feed conductor (214) coupling to the active conductor near the coupling region. 
Additional embodiments are disclosed 
Methods, systems, and computer program products for over the air provisioning of soft cards on devices with wireless communications capabilities are disclosed. 
According to one method, a soft card provisioning application is instantiated on a device with wireless communications capabilities. 
A card number for a soft card desired to be provisioned on the device is obtained from a user of the device. 
The card number is communicated to a provisioning configuration server over an air interface. 
Card-issuer-specific challenges corresponding to the card number and a provisioning issuer server network address are obtained from the provisioning configuration server. 
The challenges are presented to the user, and the user's responses to the challenges are received. 
A connection is made to the provisioning issuer server corresponding to the network address. 
The challenge responses are communicated to the provisioning issuer server. 
Soft card personalization data for activating the soft card is received from the provisioning issuer server. 
The soft card is provisioned for use on the device based on the personalization data 
A method of detecting energetic materials, such as explosives, includes energizing a sample area that contains particles of energetic materials. 
In the method, temperature characteristics from the sample area are monitored, and a temperature released from exothermic decomposition of the particles is detected. 
The method further includes analyzing the detected temperature to determine the presence of the exothermic compound which caused the decomposition 
A device such as, for example, a three-dimensional micro battery includes a collection of slender electrodes on a current collector. 
When the electrodes are made entirely of carbon, the electrical resistance along the slender electrodes grows excessive and the system loses efficiency. 
This resistance can be lowered by having the core of the electrodes be made of a good electrical conductor while their surface conformally coated with a thin film or coating of carbon. 
The device maintains a large total area of active carbon available for electrochemical reactions while improving the current-collecting efficiency by decreasing the electrical resistance along the slender electrodes. 
The half cell may be incorporated into a full microbattery to provide high energy density at high discharge rates. 
The same advantages can be applied to lowering thermal resistance 
This miniature neutron generator is for active detection of highly enriched uranium using a movable detection system. It is a small size, lightweight, low power consumption neutron generator with ease of operation and maintenance. 
The detector is based on a simplified ion source and ion transport system 
Methods for manufacturing nanomaterial dispersions and related nanotechnology. 
Nanomaterial concentrates that are cheaper to store and transport are described 
A single-piece cuff link (1) for use in releasably coupling a first and a second section of a sleeve, the cuff link (1) including first and second arms (2, 2') meeting at first ends (2a, 2a') and being curved relatively inwardly toward each other at respective second ends (2b, 2b') 
A cuff link (1) for releasably coupling a first and second section (5,5') of a sleeve together, said cuff link (1) including: a central frame (2); and a first and second retaining member (3,3') coupled to first and second ends (2a,2b) of the central frame (2) respectively; wherein the first retaining member (3) is adjustable between at least a collapsed configuration, and, at least an expanded configuration 
Abstract The present invention relates to a method for preventing the simultaneous modification of the same database object in a shared database by more than one user during the database development stage comprising the steps of: (a) creating security roles for said users, wherein each of the security roles has a modification permission set for denying or granting at least one modification permission to at least one said database object; (b) assigning each of said security roles to each of said users; (c) providing means for said users to request said modification permission to said database object; (d) receiving said request from a first user for said modification permission to said at least one database object; (e) determining that said security roles of said users, excluding the security role of first user, are set to deny said modification permissions to said object; (f) updating said security role of said first user to grant said modification permission to said object; (g) allowing said first user to modify said object; (h) receiving a termination notification from said first user for concluding said modification permission to said object; and (i) updating said security role of said first user to cease said modification permission to said object 
The invention relates to cosmetic agents, in particular hair treatment agents, containing at least one derivative of 2-furanone and at least one bioquinone. 
Treating the hair with said agents activates hair growth 
Sensor (1) for detecting particles in a gas flow; the sensor has at least one test device (4) for checking the nature, in particular the insulating effect, of at least one insulating layer (3) 
The invention relates to preparations for oral administration, containing (a) physiologically active fatty acids with 16 to 26 carbon atoms and 2 to 6 double bonds, the esters or glycerides thereof and (b) Hoodia extracts or the steroid glycosides that can be obtained therefrom 
The present invention relates to applications based on the findings of the interaction between NKp80 and its ligand AICL. 
The use of substances blocking the interaction between NKp80 and AICL is disclosed, for the manufacture of a medicament for the prevention or treatment of inflammatory diseases, in particular autoimmune diseases. 
Preferably, the substance is selected from the group comprising anti-NKp80- antibodies, anti-AICL-antibodies, soluble NKp80, soluble AICL, or functional fragments thereof 
A method for detecting capacitor variation in a device comprises operating an oscillator in the device, the oscillator being an Inductive-Capacitive (LC) oscillator and including an inductor of known value and a capacitor under test, comparing an output of the oscillator to a reference output, and evaluating variation for a plurality of capacitors in the device based on the comparing 
This invention is directed to a method for use in a state diagramming environment on a computing device. 
The method includes obtaining a state diagram via the environment and processing a first event for the state diagram via the environment. 
The method also includes triggering a second event, wherein the triggering is based on the first event. 
The method further includes broadcasting the second event in a non- blocking fashion that allows the first event to continue being processed 
A vacuum pump includes a housing (10) having an inlet port (14) and an exhaust port (16), at least one molecular drag stage (30, 32,..... 
46) within the housing, the molecular drag stage including a rotor (302) and a stator (300) that defines a tangential flow channel (306) which opens onto a surface of the rotor, and a motor (52) that rotates the rotor so that gas is pumped from the inlet port to the exhaust port. 
The stator (300) defines one or more obstructions (320) in the channel (306). 
The obstructions alter gas flow through the channel and produce turbulence under viscous or partially viscous flow conditions 
Installation/processing tools may be used to install one or more expandable structures in a workpiece. 
An installation/processing tool may include an expansion mandrel, a processing tool (104), and an expansion assembly (110) having an expansion jaw movable between a collapsed configuration and an expanded configuration. 
An expandable portion (111) of the expansion jaw is sized to f it within a passageway of an expandable member. 
When the mandrel is moved through the expansion assembly (110), the expansion j aw is moved between the collapsed and expanded configurations to cause expansion of the expandable member. 
The installation/processing tool can also be used to cold work a workpiece 
An apparatus, comprising a plurality of closed cells disposed on a surface of a substrate. 
Each of the closed cells has at least one dimension that is less than about 1 millimeter and are configured to hold a medium therein. 
The apparatus also comprises a foam that contacts the closed cells. 
The foam has fluid walls that include a surfactant, and bubbles of the foam layer are filled with the medium 
Provided is a motor drive circuit comprising an H-bridge circuit connected with the coil of a motor, a comparator for converting a Hall signal indicating the rotor position of the motor, into a square signal, and a pulse width modulator for generating a pulse signal to regulate the ON time of the coil of the motor. 
The pulse width modulator is constituted to switch a first mode, in which the duty ratio of the pulse signal is set to 100 %, after the motor was started, and then switched to a predetermined value according to the speed of the motor, a second mode, in which the duty ratio of the pulse signal is continuously set at 100 %, and a third mode, in which the frequency and the duty ratio of the pulse signal are set on the basis of a control signal inputted from the outside. 
Thus, the pulse width modulator can shorten the starting time period of the motor 
Disclosed is an anti-wrinkle agent which has an excellent effect of inhibiting the formation of wrinkles and excellent safeness. 
The anti-wrinkle agent comprises a culture supernatant of a lactic acid bacterium belonging to Streptococcus thermophilus as an active ingredient 
A two-dimensional photonic crystal wavelength multiplexer/demultiplexer which can multiplex and demultiplex both TE polarized wave and TM polarized wave. 
In the wavelength multiplexer/demultiplexer, a first resonator (131) and a second resonator (132) having the same resonance wavelength ?r are interposed between a first waveguide (121) and a second waveguide (122) arranged, while spaced apart from each other, on a two-dimensional photonic crystal (11) having a photonic band gap with respect to the TE polarized wave. 
A first polarization converter (151) for converting a TM polarized wave into a TE polarized wave is provided between the first resonator (131) and the second resonator (132) on the first waveguide (121), and a second polarization converter (152) for converting a TE polarized wave into a TM polarized wave is provided between the first resonator (131) and the second resonator (132) on the second waveguide (122). 
The TE polarized wave out of the light having the wavelength ?r in the first waveguide (121) is introduced into the second waveguide (122) from the first resonator (131), and the TM polarized wave is converted into the TE polarized wave by the first polarization converter (151) before being introduced into the second waveguide (122) from the second resonator (132) 
A reagent for lead concentration determination with which the accurate lead concentration in a sample solution can be safely and easily determined even when the solution contains zinc ions; and a method of determining a lead concentration with the reagent. 
The reagent for lead concentration determination comprises (A) a porphyrin derivative and (B) at least one member selected among ethylenediamine-N,N'-dipropionic acid, ethylenediamine-N,N'-diacetic acid, and 1,6-diaminohexane-N,N,N',N'-tetraacetic acid 
Disclosed is a highly stable shell crosslinked micelle having stimulus sensitivity inside the micelle, wherein the internal environment changes in response to external stimuli. 
Specifically disclosed is a shell crosslinked micelle containing a block copolymer obtained by block-copolymerizing a stimulus-responsive alkenyl ether monomer, a soluble alkenyl ether monomer soluble in a solvent to be used, and an alkenyl ether monomer having a crosslinkable group, and then photo-crosslinking the shell portion 
The invention relates to new peptide-based compounds for use as diagnostic imaging agents or as therapeutic agents wherein the agents comprise targeting vectors which bind to integrin receptors 
A method of coordinating audiovisual content with contact list information includes recording an audio message in relationship with the audiovisual content. 
The audio message is matched with a contact list entry from a plurality of contact list entries and the audiovisual content is associated with the matched contact list entry 
A pioneering design of hulls for marine vessels (2,a, 2.ß) specialised to reach increased speeds by using minimum horsepower, thus requiring less energy consumption and resulting in lower-cost fuel expenditure. 
This specialised design consists of two components: component (2.ß), which has a hydrodynamic shape comparable to swordfish or tuna and will contain the main engine(s) (15), the generator for electricity (14), the fuel (12) and water (11) storage area, the air- conditioning units (13), the buoyancy fins (pairs 6, 8), the fins for adjusting the slope of the vessel (pair 7), the rudder steering mechanism (9) and the propeller(s) (10) of the main engine(s). 
Component (2.a) will be attached to the main body of the vessel (1) via the dorsal fin (5). 
In addition, the main body of the vessel (1) will carry two jet-engines (4.a and 4.ß) of low horsepower and weight, positioned at the stern and bi-directional electrical propellers (3) at the bow necessary for manoeuvring in the harbour 
The invention relates to systems suitable for producing a digital hologram. 
Various techniques have been proposed. 
However, a disadvantage of digitisation is that, due to the power of lasers required to produce holograms, there was a risk of damage to coatings of various optical components. 
The present invention overcomes this problem by way of an optical device including: lenses placed in contact with a beam splitter/combiner so as to produce first and second beams from an incident beam from a coherent source. 
The beam splitter/combiner is also placed in contact with first and second prisms, whereby, in use, the device produces first and second beams which are combined to form two substantially collimated output beams, capable of producing an interference pattern at an output plane. 
The device may be incorporated into a digital holographic system and is ideally adapted to be retrofitted, so that, under control of suitable software it can be used to produce high quality digital holograms 
The invention relates to a device comprising a yaw sensor (20) and at least one acceleration sensor (10). 
The essence of the invention is that the device (1) has a control element (30), which is used to control the yaw sensor (20) in accordance with an acceleration measured by the acceleration sensor (10) 
The invention relates to a method for producing a steering wheel for a vehicle, especially for a motor vehicle. 
The method according to the invention comprises the following steps: producing a steering wheel frame having a hub base (4), a steering wheel rim (1) and at least one spoke (2, 3) by providing a hub insert (5), injection-molding a plastic matrix around the hub insert (5) to give the hub base (4), the hub base (4) having a hollow shape forming the interior and reinforcing structures (43) being arranged in the interior of the hub base (4), injection-molding and/or gas-assisted injection molding or water injection molding the at least one spoke (2, 3) and the steering wheel rim (1) from the plastic matrix, the at least one spoke (2, 3) connecting the hub base (4) to the steering wheel rim (1), and at least partially coating the steering wheel frame with a coating. 
The invention also relates to a steering wheel produced by this method 
Objects of the present invention are the compounds of formula I (I), their pharmaceutically acceptable salts, enantiomeric forms, diastereoisomers and racemates, the preparation of the above-mentioned compounds, medicaments containing them and their manufacture, as well as the use of the above-mentioned compounds in the control or prevention of illnesses such as cancer 
The present invention refers to fusion proteins comprising a TNF superfamily (TNFSF) cytokine or a receptor binding domain thereof fused to a trimerization domain and a nucleic acid molecule encoding the fusion protein. 
The fusion protein is present as a trimeric complex or as an oligomer thereof and is suitable for therapeutic, diagnostic and/or research applications 
The solar cell has at least one semiconductor layer arranged on a metal support and is provided with a plurality of contact tracks arranged on the semiconductor layer. 
A lateral projection by at least one contact track is bent around onto a reverse of the support and arranged so as to be electrically insulated from the support. 
Adjacently arranged solar cells are preferably interconnected by conductor tracks which have a perforated form in order to allow local contact-connections by soldering through 
The invention relates to a device for the extrusion of viscoelastic materials, in particular pasta. 
This device has: a filling region for introducing materials or constituents of the materials into the device; a conveying region (10) for conveying and working the stream of material conveyed through the device; a distributing region (20) for re-shaping and distributing the stream of material into a number of partial streams of material; and a die region (30) with a multiplicity of dies (31; 32) for forming a strand of material or a film of material from the respective partial streams of material. 
According to the invention, the inner walls of the distributing region (20) are formed by viscoelastic material (25, 26, 27), at least in partial regions, or comprise a viscoelastic material (25, 26, 27) in these regions 
Methods and apparatus for providing encryption verification. 
In an aspect, a method is provided for providing encryption verification. The method includes receiving at least one parameter associated with a flow, determining a key based on the at least one parameter, decrypting the flow using the key, and determining whether the flow was successfully decrypted. 
In another aspect, an apparatus is provided for providing encryption verification. 
The apparatus includes receiving logic configured to receive at least one parameter associated with a flow, encryption logic configured to determine a key based on the at least one parameter and to decrypt the flow using the key, and processing logic configured to determine whether the flow was successfully decrypted 
The invention relates to proteins associated with age-related macular degeneration (AMD). 
These proteins, which are present in blood, are expressed in individuals with AMD at either elevated or reduced levels compared to healthy individuals. 
The invention provides methods for diagnosing AMD. 
The invention provides methods for assessing the efficacy of treatment of AMD. 
The invention provides methods for monitoring the progression of AMD 
Disclosed herein- are methods of inhibiting angiogenesis in a subject in need thereof with bis(thio-hydrazide amides) represented by a formula selected from Structural Formulas (I)- (IX) or pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof 
A system for tying together the reinforcing bars of a substantially vertical reinforcing grid (3), comprising a twisting machine (4) for tying the bars together at intersections of the grid by means of a wire. 
The system comprises a slide rod (10), a weight counter balancing means (17) and at least two fastening means (20), which fastening means are arranged to engage a horizontal bar (1) of the grid and to support the slide rod, which slide rod is arranged to slidably support the balancing means which is arranged to support the twisting machine. 
The invention also concerns a method for tying together such reinforcing bars 
The invention relates to methods for preparing wood chips used for obtaining smoke fume for smoking meat and fish products. 
The aim of said invention is to reduce the accumulation of ballast and toxic substances and formic acid in the structure of prepared wood ships, thereby reducing the penetration thereof into food products during a subsequent pyrolysis of said wood ships. 
Said invention makes it possible to solve a problem of destroying complex carbohydrates into simple sugars during the wood ships preparation, thereby preventing penetration thereof into a food product during smoking. 
The inventive method for producing wood chips used for obtaining smoke fume consists in breaking a wood raw material, in grading broken products to size and in drying said products in two steps, wherein the first step consists in bringing the relative moisture of the wood ships to a value ranging from 20 to 35%, in holding it at the thus obtained moisture and a temperature of 50-70°C for 30-80 minutes in a thermostatic chamber and, at the second step, in bringing the relative moisture of the wood ships to a value ranging from 10 to 15 % 
A device for modifying an eating behavior of a subject is provided. 
The device includes a device body which is attachable to GI tract tissue of a subject and functions in altering an eating behavior thereof 
The present invention discloses a doll capable of simulating eating with a response mechanism in accordance to the characteristics of Food Imagining Object (FIO) inserted by the user into the doll, comprising; at least one sensor identifying said objects; a processor receiving data from said sensor and activating a response mechanism in accordance to said data; at least one inlet simulating the mouth of the doll; at least one outlet removing said FIOs from the doll; and at least one volume for storing said objects inside the doll. 
The invention also discloses a virtual doll (computer-based character) capable of simulating eating and physical practicing with a virtual response mechanism in accordance to the characteristics of Food Imagining Object (FIO) inserted by the user into the doll, comprising; at least one virtual sensing mechanism identifying said FIOs; a processor receiving data from said sensing mechanism and activating a virtual response mechanism in accordance to said data; wherein the appearance of said virtual doll is a function of parameters selected from a group consisting of the quantity and type of FIOs, physical condition and practicing, mental conditions, pre-selected parameters determined by the user, environment conditions or any combination thereof. 
A virtual (e.g., sport-) game comprising contest between one or more virtual dolls is also disclosed 
The present invention discloses a non-destructive on-line method and a system for measuring predetermined physical, electrochemical, chemical and/or biological (PPECB) state transformation of a substance. The method comprises steps selected inter alia from (a) obtaining a non-destructive resonance system (NDRS); (b) determining a resonance frequency characterizing the substance; (c) scanning at least one initial predetermined characteristic parameter around the resonance frequency, and recording the same; (d) plotting an initial 3D chart to obtain a 3D vector which identifies the value of the initial characteristic parameter; (e) providing the examined substance inside the NDRS; (f) on-line scanning at least one corresponding measured parameter around the resonance frequency, and recording the same; (g) plotting a second 3D chart to obtain a 3D vector which identifies the value of the measured parameter; (h) comparing the 3D standard initial vector to the 3D measured vector; (i) obtaining relative characteristic parameter change; and, (j) correlating between the relative characteristic parameter change and the PPECB state transformation 
When combined in a two-wheel pedal powered scooter, the features of the present invention provide a vehicle that is small and compact. 
The reciprocating pedals allow for a low center of gravity since there is no need to allow for the full turn of regular pedals. 
The incorporation of a shiftable transmission in the scooter body provides the rider with speed when appropriate and power when needed, while eliminating the need for a large front sprocket. 
Since the drive mechanism is substantially fully enclosed by the body of the scooter, there is less of a problem with dirt and debris disturbing the operation of the drive mechanism. 
The unique steering column provides hidden cables aned adjustable steering column angle, among other features 
A bag attachable to an article to permit convenient disposal of the article after use, comprising a bottom section having an adherent outer surface for attachment to the article, a top section overlying the bottom section, and a tubular main section joined at one end to the bottom section, the tubular main section being of an expansible construction, normally in a contracted condition between the top and bottom sections, but being expandable to an expanded condition to define a compartment for receiving the article after use, at least one of the sections being formed with an opening to be used when introducing the used article into the compartment formed by the tubular main section in its expanded condition 
A method for communication includes coupling a group of switches (28, 30) in a Layer-2 bridged network (26). 
The interfaces (32, 34, 36) of the switches are configured so that at least one interface of at least one of the switches is configured as a first interface type, and a plurality of other interfaces are configured as a second interface type. 
Upon receiving frames through the interfaces of the first and second types for transmission over the network, the received frames are labeled with corresponding first and second type indications. 
The frames are forwarded through the Layer-2 bridged network using the switches responsively to the type indications. 
Frames labeled with the second type indication are permitted to be transmitted through the interfaces of the first type and prevented from being transmitted through the interfaces of the second type 
A multimedia software bridge which enables enterprise-class voice, Web, and video teleconferencing. 
The multimedia software bridge is an all-software, distributed media server architecture that efficiently routes, bridges, and manages integrated voice, data, and video streams across multiple sites in real-time. 
The multimedia software bridge includes media services, session control, content distribution, and any-device access layer 
ABSTRACT This invention relates to a polyvinylchloride (PVC) composition for use in PVC pipes, which is environmentally friendly and has smoke-suppressant properties. 
The PVC composition includes an organic based stabilizer (OBS) and a smoke suppressant, which are synergistic in reducing smoke and toxic gas (HCl) emission in the event of the PVC composition combusting 
Detector of attempt to breach a lock, comprising according to the invention: a cover (1) that can pass from a first position in which it covers means (40) of opening or closing said lock (4) in such a way as to make them inaccessible, to a second position in which it does not prevent access to said opening or closing means (40), and vice versa; and means (51, 52) of opening and closing an electrical circuit (6) to generate and cut off an electrical signal (S1, S2) indicative of a passing of said cover (1) from the first to the second position and vice versa; said opening and closing means (51, 52) of an electrical circuit (6) comprising at least one contact element (51) with one element (41) of said lock (4) forming one section of said electrical circuit (6). 
The invention also relates to the lock, the door and the alarm system comprising such a detector 
The invention relates to a system which is characterized in that the same comprises a) poorly water-soluble calcium salts and/or composite materials containing the same, and b) easily water-soluble calcium salts and/or phosphate salts. 
Said system is particularly suitable for quickly promoting the restoration of bones and tooth material, especially enamel and dentin 
In a method for the continuous renewal of a ballast bed (41) of a track from which the rails and sleepers have been removed, by carrying away old ballast (42) and depositing cleaned ballast or new ballast (44) on the underlying surface (46) from which the old ballast (42) has been removed, a removal device (22) which can travel in the working direction (x) continuously picks up the old ballast (42) of the ballast bed (41). 
The excavated material is conveyed away from the excavation area and possibly passed on for ballast cleaning. 
At the same time, cleaned ballast or new ballast (44) is continuously deposited in the working direction (x) on the underlying surface (46) from which the old ballast (42) has been removed, to form a new ballast bed (43). 
The removal device (22), as part of an excavating machine (10) travelling in the working direction (x) on the old ballast bed (41), is arranged downstream of the running gear (14, 16) of the excavating machine (10) 
Dicer substrate RNA peptide conjugates comprising a double stranded ribonucleic acid (dsRNA 
A magnetomechanical marker for use in an electronic article surveillance system comprising a magnetomechanical element, a bias magnet and a housing. 
The magnetomechanical element comprises first and second resonator strips composed of an unannealed magnetostrictive amorphous metal alloy having a resonant frequency response including a resonant frequency minimum in response to the incidence thereon of an electromagnetic interrogating field. 
The bias magnet has a bias point to magnetically bias the magnetomechanical element so that the magnetomechanical element resonates at a predetermined frequency in the presence of an electromagnetic interrogating field. 
The housing has a cavity sized and shaped to accommodate the first and second resonator strips positioned in the cavity in registration and to allow the first and second resonator strips to mechanically vibrate, wherein the first resonator strip has a first weight and is positioned on the second resonator strip so that the first weight imparts a stress on the second resonator strip which shifts the resonant frequency minimum to the bias point 
A polymer formed by controlled radical polymerization includes groups that can be modified after controlled radical polymerization to form a radical. 
The polymer can be the reaction product of a controlled radical polymerization of radically polymerizable monomers, wherein at least one of the radically polymerizable monomers includes at least one group that can be modified after the controlled radical polymerization to form a radical. 
A compound includes a first group that is stimulated upon application of energy to the molecule to tether the molecule to a surface or to another polymer chain and a second group comprising a controlled radical polymerization initiator functionality. 
A block copolymer includes at least a first segment to impart a predetermined functionality to a target surface and at least a second segment including functional groups to interact with the targeted surface to attach the block copolymer to the surface. 
The first segment can free of functional groups that interact with the surface to attach the block copolymer to the surface 
A receiver monitoring the transmissions of a packet processing device such as a wireless access point analyzes the monitored transmissions to estimate the probability of packet loss due to buffer overflow in the processing device. 
The loss probability can be estimated for individual packets to follow rapid changes in communication conditions. 
An indication of the estimated loss probability can be used to adapt the forward error correction (FEC) parameters that are used to generate the packets, thereby improving the reliability of data delivery to a receiver while optimizing the use of communication channel bandwidth 
A semiconductor device mountable to a substrate includes a semiconductor die and an electrically conductive lead frame having first and second end portions and a first attachment surface and a second attachment surface. 
The die electrically contacts the first end portion of the lead frame on the first attachment surface. 
An externally exposed housing encloses the semiconductor die and the first end portion of the lead frame, said housing including a metallic plate facing the second attachment surface of the lead frame 
Measurement systems provide a determination of relative concentrations of biological analytes based on transmission or reflection of near-infrared radiation by an in vivo specimen. 
Concentration and concentrations ratios associated with ?-3, ?-6, and ?-9 fatty acids, lipids, glycosylated proteins, blood glucose, and cholesterol can be determined, and based on the determination an indication of subject health can be provided, or a dietary recommendation can be made. 
In one example, ratio of a concentration of ?-3 fatty acids to a combined concentration of ?-6 and ?-9 concentrations is determined. 
Dietary supplements can be recommended or ordered from a supplier based on the concentrations and concentration ratios 
An animal condition monitor. 
The animal condition monitor measures diagnostic parameters from the animal and determines whether the parameters indicate that the animal is at risk of a specified condition, such as heat stroke, heat exhaustion, hypothermia, or hyperthermia. 
The condition assessment is considered in light of a profile containing information about the age/ health of the animal. 
When warranted, the animal condition monitor provides notification of the condition of interest 
A sealant product to form a reactive seal in a subsurface or intermittently subaqueous environment includes a reactive medium and a hydratable material that when hydrated forms tie seal. 
For example, the reactive medium may be a zero- valent metal, a reduced metal, shredded tires, and any combinations thereof. 
A method of forming a reactive seal comprising applying a sealant product in a subsurface or intermittently subaqueous environment to form the seal 
A programmable Raman transducer is disclosed for detecting the presence or absence of a preselected compound in a sample. 
The transducer, in a preferred embodiment, includes a laser source for generating laser light for illuminating the sample. 
Collector optics, absent a spatial filter, are used for collecting Raman-scattered light from the sample. 
A detector generates spectral data from the Raman-scattered light, and a digital processor compares the spectral data to a database of spectral data on selected compounds, including the preselected compound to generate a binary signal indicating presence or absence of the preselected compound 
The present invention provides cell free preparations of protozoan microsomes, wherein the cell free preparation of protozoan microsomes demonstrate the ability to translocate a protozoan polypeptide into the microsome, methods of preparing cell free preparations of protozoan microsomes, and methods of using cell free preparations of protozoan microsomes 
A sealing assembly for an ink chamber associated with an anilox roll, includes a doctor blade having a doctoring edge, with each end having a notch at the doctoring edge, and first and second seals adapted to seal ends of the ink chamber. 
Each seal includes a peripheral supporting wall, an upper wall thereon including an upper concave surface for engaging an outer surface of the anilox roll, a flat upper supporting surface at opposite ends of the upper wall on which ends of the doctor blade seat, and an extension above the flat upper supporting surface for engaging within the notch at the end of the doctor blade to permit the doctor blade to bend thereat. 
A lubricant chamber is defined therein and the upper wall includes an opening through which the lubricant is forced out of the lubricant chamber due to external pressure 
A method of depopulating livestock is provided. 
The method comprises restricting the livestock in a defined space, and depositing foam into the defined space, forming a foam blanket covering the livestock. 
The livestock can be avians, such as chickens, ducks, and turkeys. 
A device for making medium expansion foam comprising a high expansion foam generator having a fan, and a shroud shielding the fan from ambient air intake. 
The shroud limits the amount of ambient air incorporated into the foam during operation. 
The device can include an alternative gas input positioned to direct an alternative gas to the fan. 
The alternative gas is selected from the group consisting of carbon dioxide, nitrogen, argon, and mixtures thereof 
An L-glutamic acid producing bacterium which belongs to the genus Pantoea, Enterobacter, Klebsiella or Erwinia, wherein the bacterium has been modified by gene recombination to inactivate the rpoS gene, is cultured in a medium to cause accumulation of L-glutamic acid in the medium, and L-glutamic acid is collected from the medium 
The invention also features products, including nucleic acid sequences and vectors as well as to compositions comprising them, useful in the provided methods. The invention also provides a method for inhibiting of tumor cell, for example pancreatic cancer cell, prostatic cancer cell, breast cancer cell, and bladder cancer cell, particularly pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) by inhibiting REG4 gene. The present invention also relates to methods of treating or preventing PDAC in a subject comprising the step of administering to said subject a pharmaceutically effective amount of an antibody or fragment thereof that binds to a protein encoded by REG4. 
[PROBLEMS] A wheel-use bearing device increased in service life of a bearing by enhancing the sealing feature and durability of a seal. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] A wheel-use bearing device which can ensure a specified pulling resistance and a desired sealing performance, and is increased in service life of a bearing by enhancing the sealing feature and durability of a seal (11), and in which a hub wheel (4) having a wheel-mounting flange (6) at one end thereof and formed with an inside rolling surface (4a) directly on the outer periphery thereof is provided, the seal (11) on the outer side increasingly inclines radially outwardly toward the tip end thereof and is integrally formed with a side lip (18a) in slide contact with the base (6c) on the inner side of a wheel-mounting flange (6) via a specified interference, and the initial maximum diameter of this side lip (18a) is formed to be smaller than the maximum diameter of the seal(11) with the difference (e) in diameter between them being set at at least 1 mm on one side to allow the seal (11) to be constantly press fitted by a press fitting jig without interference with the side lip (18a) 
A system comprises an instruction processor (10), a flash memory device (14a), a flash control circuit (14) and a working memory (16). 
Instructions of an interrupt program are kept stored in the flash memory device (14a). 
When the instruction processor (10) receives an interrupt signal, the instruction processor (10) executes loading instructions, to cause the flash control circuit (14) to load said instructions of the interrupt program from the flash memory device (14a) into the working memory (16). 
The instructions of the interrupt program are subsequently executed with the instruction processor (10) from the working memory (16). 
Preferably it is tested whether a copy of said instructions of the interrupt program is stored in the working memory (16) at the time of the interrupt. 
If the copy is found stored, execution of said instructions from the copy is started before completing execution of of access instructions that were in progress at the time of the interrupt. 
If the copy is not found stored, execution of the access instructions is first completed and subsequently the instruction processor (10) executes the loading instructions, followed by execution of the instructions of the copy of interrupt program from the working memory (16) 
The present invention relates to methods, a system, a network element, a terminal device, and computer program products for preventing the electronics in the termi-nal device from overheating in a communication network environment. 
Heat re-lated information indicating heat generation or simple temperature at the terminal device to the network element causes the network element on the network side to adjust an inactivity period and/or a actual transmission data rate, e.g. by means of DRX/DTX parameter adjustment, such that a rise in temperature at the terminal device does not further occur caused by dissipation losses in the involved elec-tronic components of the terminal device. 
Hence, by the invention a control loop is constituted starting at the terminal device, which detects the heat related informa-tion, provides the heat related information explicit or implicit to the network, which in turn is caused to adjust the inactivity period and/or the transmission data rate base on the provided heat related information. 
As a result, by the solution the ter-minal device is enabled of performing control of dissipation losses caused by an actual reception data rate from the network to the terminal device 
The present invention relates to a tamper-evident container. 
The present invention relates to, in particular containers for digital versatile discs (DVDs, also referred to as compact discs (CDs)) and other types of container which require tamper- evident features. 
Product containers, such as DVD envelopes and containers, are often sealed with a paper label adhered to both a lid and to a container body to seal the container while on the store shelf. 
The paper label secures the lid to the body, but also provides ease of lid opening after customer purchase. 
The paper label is easily delaminated, torn, or scored along an interface between the lid and container body to allow the container to be opened. 
However, current paper labels generally do not provide a sufficient indication to the purchasing customer that the label and lid may have been removed and replaced back onto the container. 
Therefore, even with a label affixed over the lid and body of a container, the consumer does not know if the internal contents of the container have been tampered with prior to purchase. 
The invention provides a thermoformed plastics container element consisting of a base portion (12), a top portion (14) and a hinge (11) that is formed in one section, folded over about the hinge. 
A lid can be removed only upon the breakage of frangible links, whereby to indicate any previous opening of the container 
The invention relates to a method for actuating of safety means (116) in a motor vehicle (100) during a driving situation, wherein a collision between a motor vehicle (100) and an object in the surroundings (112) in the surroundings of the motor vehicle (100) can occur, wherein the safety means (116) can be controlled in predetermined intervention steps. 
The method is performed in such a way, that, depending on the determined movement data of the object in the surroundings (112), a risk for a collision between the motor vehicle (100) and the object in the surroundings (112) is determined, a first intervention stage is determined according to the collision risk, at least one value is determined, characterizing the behavior of a driver of the motor vehicle (100), wherein, depending on the determined value, a second intervention step is determined and the intervention step, wherein the safety means (116) are actuated, is limited to the lower first and second intervention stage. 
The invention further relates to a system suitable for the implementation of the method 
The dental treatment lamp comprises several illumination elements (2) adjoining each other with different wavelength spectrums of the radiated light, the illumination intensity of said elements being individually adjustable or adjustable in groups by adjusting means (7) in such a way, that the cones of light (5) thereof overlap to form a white light field (6) with a predetermined illumination intensity and color temperature. 
In a lighting mode, a color rendering index R<SUB>a </SUB>of a whole spectrum (10) of the light field (6) is larger than 85. 
To prevent early hardening of a light-curable dental material during processing, the intensity in a treatment mode of a chosen wave length spectrum having the curing wave length ?<SUB>A</SUB>,is 50 % of the maximum intensity of the whole spectrum (20) at the most. 
Said dental treatment lamp can be used in the illumination mode for color adaptation and in the treatment mode for treatment with a light-curable dental material. 
The invention also relates to a method for creating a light field for treatment with a light-curable dental material 
Compounds of a certain formula I, in which Ra and Rb have the meanings indicated in the description, are novel effective compounds with anti-proliferative and apoptosis inducing activity 
The invention comprises semifinished products with a structured surface, the semifinished product comprising an oxidized and subsequently re-reduced surface containing at least one refractory metal, and also a process for their production and their use for producing high-capacitance components 
The invention relates to a method and an arrangement for creating a wireless mesh network in which a new node (or a functionality on a node) is provided that is connected between mesh nodes (MP-A, MP-C) and an AAA server (AAA-S) located in an infrastructure network. 
Based on basic encoding data that is available to the new node following successful initial authentication of a first mesh node, said new node (or functionality on a node) performs the authentication similar to a proxy server instead of the AAA server, particularly for a limited time, during subsequent authentication attempts 
Disclosed is a method for joining two or several plastic parts of an electrical or electronic component, preferably a particularly multipole connector. 
According to said method, the plastic parts that are to be joined are joined together in a gluing process by means of an adhesive. 
Said adhesive is selected so as to be compatible with the synthetic material of which the plastic parts that are to be joined are made, thus ensuring high-quality adhesion while reducing the number of materials used for making electrical and electronic parts and simplifying dismounting and recycling 
A system and method for diagnosing the connectivity of DSL transceiver are disclosed. 
The DSL transceiver comprises xTU-C and xTR-R, and the system comprises message collection module and fault analysis module. 
The message collection module collects and stores the interworking messages of the xTU-C and xTR-R in the initialization process; The fault analysis module analyses the messages which have been collected and stored, and then determines the conclusion about the connectivity of DSL. 
The invention resolves the connectivity of the different xTU-C and xTR-R, simplifies the process flow, improves the efficiency, and reduces the cost. 
Furthermore, the device for diagnosing the connectivity of DSL transceiver is disclosed 
An implantable medical assembly comprising at least one electrode carried on an inside surface of a web comprising a biocompatible film wound into a generally tubular configuration, the film containing at least one aperture through the web to increase its flexibility and to create a means by which biological fluids can penetrate the assembly. 
The assembly may further comprise at least one wire connected to the electrode to provide a stimulation signal 
A skate comprising a frame, a plurality of wheels rotatably coupled to the frame and configured to effect rolling motion of the skate across a reaction surface; a foot support coupled to the frame, and including an operative foot support surface configured for supporting a skater's first foot, wherein the operative foot support surface includes a longitudinal axis, a foot coupling unit coupled to the frame, and configured for coupling a skater's first foot to the operative foot support surface, and a foot rest extending from the frame, and including an operative foot rest support surface configured for supporting the skater's second foot when the skater's first foot is supported by and coupled to the operative foot support surface; wherein the operative foot rest support surface includes a minimum linear width of at least 30 millimetres and also includes a maximum linear width of less than 45 millimetres, and wherein each of the minimum width and the maximum width is measured along a plane to which the longitudinal axis is normal 
The present invention provides an illumination apparatus comprising one or more first light-emitting elements and one or more second light-emitting elements and a control system configured to control the operation of the one or more first and one or more second light-emitting elements. 
As the illumination apparatus according to the present invention is configured to generate utility illumination using two different and substantially monochromatic light-emitting element light sources, the light pollution resulting from the utility illumination generated by the illumination apparatus is reduced, when compared to a polychromatic light source 
A structural panel includes perimeter rails and parallel joists having top and bottom surfaces lying in common parallel planes. 
Between the joists and the rails are diagonal planar bridge members extending obliquely in zigzag manner such that an end of one of the bridge members butts an opposed end of a next one of the bridge members at a side face of the joist. 
Planar top cover sheets bottom cover sheet are adhesively bonded to the top and bottom surfaces of the rail members, bridge members and joists. 
When used in a modular building, the floor has sufficient stiffness for the module to be transported from an assembly location in finished condition with all interior and exterior cladding attached and with the walls are topped by finished sandwich ceiling panels. 
The roof structure spanning the assembled modules is built on at the installation location 
The present invention provides a method and apparatus for controlling the thermal gradient and therefore the thermal stress in light-emitting elements in which the light-emitting elements are exposed to temperature gradients caused by varying drive current under operating conditions. 
The method and apparatus according to the present invention can reduce the thermal stress in a light-emitting element by adaptively determining a drive current transient for a required change in the drive current from a first drive current state to a desired second drive current state, wherein the drive current transient is adaptively determined in order to substantially minimize the change in applied voltage over time, during the transition time period 
Compounds of formula (I) : wherein X, R<SUP>2</SUP>, R<SUP>3</SUP>, R<SUP>5</SUP> and R<SUP>6</SUP> are defined herein, are useful as inhibitors of the hepatitis C virus NS5B polymerase 
The present invention refers to a method for establishing a communication network that connects a group or community of users using wireless equipments according to their defined interests. 
These equipments are preferentially portable, low cost, and user-friendly, where each equipment must be configurable using its user's profile, which contains a small amount of the user's personal data, namely the miniprofile. 
The method uses a collection of such miniprofiles to transparently set a communication network among the associate users to establish a virtual community. 
In addition, each profile will contain further information on user's interests, which the method will propagate across the communication network to the established virtual community in a way that their members will be able to form groups based on common interests while allowing for interaction among their members. 
The user profile can be set identifiable or anonymous, may or not be shareable in relation to the other members of a group. 
The method is distributed, and supports spontaneous and volatile communication networks, preferentially 
This invention relates to novel protein conjugates, in particular, to novel pegylated proteins, and their methods of making and use. 
One aspect of the present invention relates to pegylated-erythropoietin having greater clinical efficacy and stability during shipment and storage than current erythropoietin formulations 
Methods and systems are provided herein for rendering concentrated food products, including ones that are less allergenic, including methods and systems for using a first decanter/centrifuge facility to separate a quantity of food material into a first serum and a first pulp, delivering the first pulp to at least one subsequent decanter/centrifuge facility, separating the first pulp into a subsequent serum and a subsequent pulp within the subsequent decanter/centrifuge facility, combining the first serum and a subsequent serum into a combined serum within an ultra filtration facility, separating the combined serum into a retentate and a permeate using the ultra filtration facility, delivering the permeate to an evaporator to produce a concentrated permeate and combining the concentrated permeate with a pulp from a subsequent decanter/centrifuge facility in a mixing facility 
A perforating system has a perforating module comprising a unitary body of explosive. 
The explosive is contained within a non-explosive casing, or liner, having formed indentations and a cover thereover. 
The indentations, which will transform into explosively formed penetrators (EFP's) upon detonation, have a perimeter shape that allows for improved packing density, e.g., a hexagonal perimeter, which results in relatively little "dead space" wherein no perforating penetrators are generated. 
In operation, the module provides a relatively dense shot pattern and substantially reduced amount of post-detonation debris that could clog the perforations and/or require remedial clean-up or repeat perforation 
Methods of making fluoropolymers from at least one fluoromonomer in either (1) a heterogeneous medium comprising a carbon dioxide and an aqueous phase with or without hydrocarbon surfactants or dispersants or stabilizer, or (2) a homogenous medium containing carbon dioxide with one or more organic solvents, are described 
A method and apparatus for distributing a media stream using both unicast and multicast techniques. 
The method and apparatus comprising a server for distributing a media stream using a unicast transmission to a first receiver within a subnet network. 
The first receiver is from a plurality of receivers, operating as a primary repeater within the subnet network, using a multicast transmission of the media stream to at least one other receiver within the subnet network. 
The first receiver is replaced by another receiver from the plurality of receivers in the event that the first receiver fails 
Virtual controllers for visual displays are described. 
In one implementation, a camera captures an image of hands against a background. 
The image is segmented into hand areas and background areas. 
Various hand and finger gestures isolate parts of the background into independent areas, which are then assigned control parameters for manipulating the visual display. 
Multiple control parameters can be associated with attributes of multiple independent areas formed by two hands, for advanced control including simultaneous functions of clicking, selecting, executing, horizontal movement, vertical movement, scrolling, dragging, rotational movement, zooming, maximizing, minimizing, executing file functions, and executing menu choices 
The present invention discloses an absorbent garment having a liquid permeable top sheet, a liquid impermeable back sheet and an absorbent core positioned there between. 
The absorbent core comprises synthetic fibers and super absorbent particulate wherein these two components are a color that are distinct from each other. 
It is possible to approximate the volume of any liquid discharge by measuring the approximate diameter of the mark made by the liquid swelled super absorbent particulate 
The present invention provides an absorbent product, such as disposable diapers, incontinent pads, sanitary napkins that has an absorbent core that comprises recycled synthetic material. 
The core is produced from the waste created in the manufacturing process of previously produced absorbent products 
The invention relates to analogs of angiotensins, in particular to cyclised analogs having Ang(l-8) agonistic or antagonistic activity and to cyclised Ang(l-7) analogs with agonistic or antagonistic activity and displaying improved proteolytic resistance compared to their linear counterparts. 
Provided is a cyclic angiotensin peptide analog comprising a thioether-bridge linkage between the amino acids corresponding to positions Tyr<SUP>4</SUP> and Pro<SUP>7</SUP> in naturally occurring Angiotensin. 
Also provided is the use of analogs in therapy, for example hypertension 
There are described alloys based on TiAu and NiTiAu which present a reversible thermoelastic martensitic transformation. 
There are also provided particular treatment methods to obtain, among other things, surface colorations by means of controlled oxide formation 
An umbrella (4) provided with motor means (102) suitable for automatically carrying out the closing and opening operations. 
The umbrella is provided with sticks (400) suitable for rotating so as to move, in a closed configuration, into a shaft (200) of the umbrella, along with the relevant covering sheet (502) 
A fence for tennis practice comprises a plurality of rigid mesh panels (18) supported by upright posts (10), preferably with noise reduction strips (30, 32, 33) between them. 
The mesh panels are secured together side by side to form a substantially flat continuous surface and edges (26, 28) of adjacent panels are bent backwards to abut one another and a side surface of one of the upright posts. 
The edges are then secured together and to the posts by bolts (23) or the like. 
There is thus provided a surface having substantially uniformed rebound properties at whatever position it is struck by a tennis ball 
The invention relates to a wiper blade (10) having at least one wiper strip (14) and an elastically flexible wiper strip support (12, 54, 72, 92) made of plastic material, which in the unloaded state has a concave curvature towards the wiper strip (14), and retaining means (26, 58, 78 and 80, 96) for the wiper strip (14), wherein in the center region of the wiper strip support (12, 54, 72, 92) an attachment element (28, 48, 98) is provided. 
It is provided that the wiper strip support (12) has an essentially rectangular hollow section (26) at a cross-section, having a longitudinal slot pointing towards the wiper strip (14) for receiving a rear strip (20) of the wiper strip (14), and that the wiper strip support (12) has recesses (40) in the region of the attachment element (28) at its side opposite of the attachment element (28), which have undercut longitudinal flanks (42) matching undercut longitudinal flanks (38) of an associated longitudinal groove (36) of the attachment element (28) 
This invention discloses novel bacterial spore systems. 
It has now been found surprisingly that under certain conditions bacterial spore systems can be used in the food and feed industry, preferably in animal feeding and as biohybrid material. 
More precisely applicant has found the following: Genetically modified or genetically engineered viable spore systems expressing bioactive polypeptides, for example bacteriocins and/or enzymatically active feed enzymes, at the spore surface, have a great potential use in animal feeding. 
Further, it has been found that genetically modified or "genetically engineered inert spore systems expressing affinity ligands or immobilized enzymes at the surface have a great potential use in biocatalysis and in the construction of biocatalytic films. 
Especially the resistance to harsh chemicals, desiccation, strong pressure, or high temperatures allows the spores to be a potentially valuable tool for the display of bioactive molecules, like biocatalytic enzymes or bioactive feed enzymes that must survive harsh conditions to deliver their full potential. 
Finally, applicant has found that instead of translational fusions to spore structural genes as it is known from the prior art described above, passenger bioactive polypeptides, as for example enzymes, bacteriocins, affinity ligands, can also be fused to spore-specific surface enzymes, for example to spore specific enzymes as mentioned herein above 
A fluorescent lamp system for converting T8 type fluorescent lamp to T5 includes a ballast (2) of T8 type fluorescent lamp, a bracket (20) of a T8 type fluorescent lamp and a T5 type lamp. 
The T5 type lamp includes a bracket (31) and a fluorescent lamp tube (32) installed in the bracket (31) by corresponding sockets. 
The first and the second legs (13,14) of the T5 type lamp are electrically connected with the bracket (20) of the T8 type lamp. 
Two pins (A and C) of the T5 type lamp are electrically connected with the first leg (13) and the second leg (14) by the first inductance L1 and the second inductance L2, respectively. 
A switch (12) is connected between the first leg (13) and the first inductance L1. 
The first resonance capacitance C1 is connected between the pin A and a pin D placed in the other side. 
The second resonance capacitance C2 and a thermistor are parallel connection, and placed between two pins (B and D) of the T5 type lamp placed in the other side 
The present invention is in the field of layered food products and processes for making them. 
The present invention provides food items with improved crispy and non-abrasive texture and more abundant flavor, as well as industrially-efficient and cost-effective processes for making food items with the improved crispy and non- abrasive texture and more abundant flavor 
A thermal transfer donor element is provided which can include a support, light-to-heat conversion layer, interlayer, and transfer layer. 
When the donor element is brought into contact with a receptor and imagewise irradiated, an image is obtained which is free from contamination by the light-to-heat conversion layer. 
In order to enhance the lifetimes of the transferred material, thermal treatments such as annealing are applied to the receptor before transfer, to the transfer layer after transfer, or a combination of them. 
The construction and process of the donor element is useful in making colored images including applications such as color proofs, color filter elements, and organic light emitting diode displays and devices 
A method of treating a FLT3-mediated condition in a patient in need thereof, comprising administering to the patient a therapeutically effective amount of a compound of formula (I) or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof: (I), The conditions that can be treated by the compounds of the present invention and the definitions for the variables in formula (I) are provided herein 
The powertrain also includes an energy storage device (30) operably coupled to the generator and the motor. The powertrain further includes a controller (32) configured to control the powertrain such that energy stored in the energy storage device is supplied to the motor when the HCCI engine supplies insufficient mechanical power to the generator to supply the motor with sufficient power to meet power requirements of the powertrain, until the HCCI engine supplies sufficient mechanical power to the generator to supply the motor with sufficient power to meet the power requirements of the powertrain 
A heat and corrosion resistant cast austenitic stainless steel alloy which contains less than about 15% nickel. 
The alloy has a creep rupture life exceeding 3,000 hrs and a minimum creep rate of less than 1 x 10<SUP>-3</SUP> at a stress of 100 MPa and a temperature of 75O°C, when creep tested in the as-cast state under ASTM El 39 test conditions. 
The alloy also has a 0.2% yield strength exceeding 130 MPa at 750°C in the as-cast state, and a decrease in 0.2% yield strength from 750 to 900°C of less than 20%; and, a completely austenitic microstructure after casting 
By providing a unique, preprinted housing member which automatically expands from a flat, generally two-dimensional configuration into a three-dimen¬ sional promotional display, and is securely maintained in the three-dimensional configuration for any desired time duration, a unique, hands-on, printed, long- lasting visually exciting and interest-generating advertising/pro-motional product is obtained. 
In the present invention, the self-erecting, promotional display member incorporates small magnetic members mounted to internal panels, struts or support walls of the display member, with the magnetic members being positions for being automatically activated simultaneously with the movement of the display member from its two-dimensional configuration into its three-dimensional configuration. 
Once activated, the magnetic members are brought into locked engagement with each other, securely holding the display member in its fully erect, three-dimensional display configuration 
A prophylactic/therapeutic agent for renal dysfunction, comprising a combination of cilnidipine and an angiotensin II receptor antagonist. 
This combined agent has an excellent prophylactic/therapeutic effect on renal dysfunction 
Provided is a liquid crystal display device comprising a display controller (400) for outputting images independently to a first panel and a second panel so that the images displayed on the individual panels may be superposed to one image corresponding to an image source. 
The display controller (400) includes a brightness ratio adjusting unit (402) for adjusting the gradations of images to be outputted to individual liquid crystal panels, when the gradations of the images to be outputted to the individual panels are synthesized to attain one synthesized gradation, so that the display responding time period at the gradation synthesizing time may be shorter than a preset reference display responding time period. 
As a result, the contrast and the moving image performance are improved to realize the liquid crystal display device, which is high for the display quality not only in the still image display but also in the moving image display 
A liquid crystal display device has a plurality of line-like fluorescent lamps disposed in parallel with each other on a back side of a display panel. 
In order to make the number of the disposed fluorescent lamps less than in the case that a disposing interval of the fluorescent lamps is consistent with a disposing interval of the fluorescent lamps at a central portion of the display area, the disposing interval of the fluorescent lamps at edge portions of the display area is designed to be wider than that of them at the central portion of the display area and a brightness distribution through the display panel along a direction passing through the central portion of the display area and perpendicular to the longitudinal direction of the fluorescent lamp is in error in the range of ±5% with respect to an approximate quadratic curve of a brightness distribution curve. 
Thus, sufficiently good display quality can be maintained in an actual display observation while the number of fluorescent lamps is suppressed 
The invention relates to flood defence panels (1). 
Said PVC panels (1) have a male side (D) and a female side (C), said panels being connected by inserting the male side (D) of one panel (1) into the female side (C) of the adjacent panel (1). 
The panels (1) are fixed to the ground by means of mountings (2) and support rods (3) are used to reinforce the panels 
The invention relates to a cladding with two adjacent sheet-like skins forming an outer layer and also to a method for production of a cladding. 
According to the invention, the cladding comprises two adjacent sheet-like skins (2, 3), a sheet-like backing (4), and a foam layer (5) located between the skins and the backing, where the backing has a groove (6) which runs along the boundary region of the two skins and which is open in the direction of the skins, and into which an angled-off edge region (7) of the first skin and an angled-off edge region (8) of the second skin have at least to some extent been introduced. 
This type of cladding is suitable, for example, as cladding for the interior of a vehicle 
A heater, comprising: a first metal sheathing plate (10); a second metal sheathing plate (20) and an electric heating core plate which is interposed between the first metal sheathing plate (10) and the second metal sheathing plate (20). 
The electric heating core plate is composed of an insulating plate and a heating wire that wounded around the insulating plate. 
Insulating mats are arranged in between the first metal sheathing plate (10), the second metal sheathing plate (20) and the electric heating core plate. 
A scarf joint hole (200) is provided in the electric heating core plate (20). 
An insulating stool (30) is arranged in the scarf joint hole (200). 
A through hole (300) is arranged in the center of the insulating stool (30). 
The heating wire is leaded out through the through hole (300) by a lead wire (40). 
Thereby it can prevent the contact of the lead wire (40) and the second metal sheathing plate (20), so the short circuit is avoided 
An osteogenic enhancer composition for bone and cartilage repair and methods of using the same are described 
The present invention relates to rhamnolipid-based formulations to clean, disinfect, deodorize, and act as an antimicrobial and antifungal agent for living and working environments. 
In addition, the present invention relates to the use of rhamnolipids to create a bio-film when applied to a surface, which prevents the growth of bacteria and fungus. 
This technique is especially useful to create clean surface areas for medical procedures, chemical testing, during food preparation, as well as for daycare centers and hospitals 
A contact lithography system includes a patterning tool (110) having a pattern for transfer to a substrate (130); and at least one alignment device (140) coupled to the patterning tool (110). 
The alignment device (140) is configured to measure alignment between the patterning tool (110) and a substrate (130) for receiving the pattern of the patterning tool (110). 
A contact lithograpny method includes aligning a patterning tool (110) having a pattern for transfer with a substrate (130) for receiving the pattern of the patterning tool (110) using at least one alignment device (140) coupled to the patterning tool (110) 
A device and method for reading and authenticating currency serial numbers to prevent counterfeiting and other money-related crime is provided. 
The device may be retrofitted to be installed in an existing money counting machine, and may read serial numbers of currency that passes through the counting machine. 
The serial numbers can be captured from stationary currency prior to entering the counting machine, and the serial numbers may be authenticated by comparing the number against various databases 
Disclosed is a skateboard, in which decks spaced apart from each other by a joint shaft are mounted thereunder with directional casters, and thus when any one of the decks is rolled, the decks obtain a propellant force to perform turning motion or forward and backward motion, and more particularly in which decks spaced apart from each other by a joint shaft are folded by simple manipulation on the basis of stability of leftward and rightward rolling of the decks, of the accurate transmission of a propellant force generated when the leftward and rightward rolling is performed, and of the rotation of opposite ends of the joint shaft with respect to the decks 
Provided are a novel compound useful for a deformylase inhibitor with excellent antibacterial activity or its pharmaceutically acceptable salt, a process for preparing the same, and an antibacterial composition including the same as an active ingredient. 
The deformylase inhibitor has a broad spectrum against bacteria, including bacteria with resistance to existing antibacterial agents 
The present invention introduces a new type of Synchronous Generator producing a constant frequency AC Voltage regardless the rotating speed of the rotor. 
It more particular relates to such a method and apparatus useful in providing constant frequency electricity to a utility grid. 
This new type electric generator can be made by at least two twin synchronous generators and one control unit providing the two excitation currents for the two rotors. 
The total produced voltage has a frequency related to the rotor rotating speed and the excitation currents frequency 
The present invention relates to novel substituted biphenyltetrazole compounds useful as intermediates in the preparation of angiotensin II antagonists, to a process for the synthesis of them and to a process for the conversion thereof to said molecules 
The present invention relates to a method of treatment of wood by means of impregnation in an autoclave. 
The wood to be treated using the method according to the invention is a wood of broadleafed trees chosen from among chestnut, oak, ash, beech, elm, poplar, and walnut, and has a content of relative humidity greater than 15% 
The recoverable intra-uterine system comprises a housing (1) capable of containing one or a plurality of elements selected from among the group comprising an embryo, male and/or female gametes, a fertilized oocyte, an unfertilized ovum and a combination of these elements, the housing (10) having along an axis (X) a distal end (12) and a proximal end (13), and a device (20) for holding the recoverable intra-uterine device in the uterus. 
The holding device (20) is arranged at the proximal end (13) of the housing (10) and includes at least one holding arm (23) in the uterine cavity capable of taking at least two positions: - one free position in which at least one holding arm (23) is separated from the axis (X); and - a retracted position in which at least one holding arm (23) is substantially parallel to the axis (X). 
Use in medically assisted reproduction techniques 
A pressure activated device for controlling the supply of a gas and a breathing system for underwater use incorporating the device are provided. 
The device comprises an input port (64) for connection to a pressurised gas supply, an output port (66), a chamber (62) and a pressure monitoring port (66). 
Flow control means are provided for selectively opening a fluid path (65) outside the chamber between the input port and the output port when the ambient pressure is higher than the pressure in the chamber by a more predetermined amount. 
Reset means (80) selectively open a fluid path (84, 92) between the pressure monitoring port and the chamber, when the pressure at the pressure monitoring port is higher than the ambient pressure by more than a predetermined amount. 
The device may be used to control the supply of diluent gas to an underwater breathing system, or to maintain the volume of a flexible enclosure substantially constant, irrespective of variations in the ambient pressure 
The invention relates to a composition that can be polymerized and/or crosslinked when irradiated by cationic and/or radical route. 
It more particularly relates to a composition that can be polymerized and/or crosslinked comprising at least one base compound, at least one photoinitiator and at least one compound comprising at least one isocyanate function, and its use as a coating 
The invention relates to a method for testing rotors (1), wherein a rotor (1) which is to be tested is coupled in a torque-transmitting manner to an activating motor (5), is set in rotation and vibrations of the rotor (1) are measured, wherein the activating motor (5) is operated in such a way that torsional excitations are generated in the rotor (1) 
The invention relates to the use of sweeteners for masking the salty taste of compositions as well as compositions containing salt and defined sweeteners, the amount of sweeteners being suitable for masking the salty taste of the composition 
The present invention relates to a voltage supply circuit with a starting voltage source (E10), with a continuous supply voltage source (E20) which is implemented by an oscillating voltage following a starting phase, and with a storage capacitor (C10), wherein the starting voltage source (E10) and the continuous supply voltage source (E20) are coupled in parallel with the storage capacitor (C10). 
The voltage supply circuit further comprises: a circuit arrangement, with self-holding function (20) supplied with electrical energy from the storage capacitor (C10), which has an output connection (A1, A2) at which an output voltage (U<SUB>3</SUB>) is provided. 
The invention further relates to a method for providing a supply voltage (U<SUB>3</SUB>) by means of a voltage supply circuit of this kind 
A pearlescent pigment comprises (a) synthetic mica substrate, (b) calcined ferrite coating on the substrate, and (c) an outer layer or treatment wherein said outer layer or treatment was added to the calcined ferrite coated synthetic mica in water. 
The pearlescent pigment may be used in exterior applications such as automotive paint systems 
A facility for selecting targeted advertising messages for presentation with sets of media sequences forming playlists is described. 
The facility stores search queries that are used by a user to locate pre-existing playlists, to generate new playlists, or to modify existing playlists. 
Prior to the use of a stored playlist, or contemporaneously with the use of a stored playlist, the facility uses the stored search queries to select one or more advertising messages to be presented with the media sequences in the playlist. 
The advertising messages that are presented may be updated each time the playlist is accessed in order to remove advertising messages from expired campaigns, to remove advertising messages that are not having a desired marketing effect, or to add new advertising messages 
A soothing device (20, 120, 220, 300, 400) is disclosed. 
The soothing device (20, 120, 220, 300, 400) may be used in combination with a person support, such as a baby crib (10, 410), a bed (500), and a dentist chair. 
The soothing device (20, 120, 220, 300, 400) may include speakers (28, 128, 228, 360), a display (364, 248, 560), a projector (134, 362), a screen (550), and a mobile (36, 236). 
The soothing device (20, 120, 220, 300, 400) may include one or more covers (46, 50, 430, 432, 434, 435, 436). 
The soothing device (20, 120, 220, 300, 400) may be used in combination with a portable, stand alone media device (26, 320) 
A woman's garment includes an integral brassiere having improved breast support. 
The garment includes first and second bra cups in combination with an additional front support panel situated between the outer garment body and said first and second bra cups, said additional front support panel having a shape that substantially covers said first and second bra cups. 
The bra cups provide the support of a separate fitted brassiere. 
The additional front support panel provides both support for the bra cups and support for the outer garment body, which creates a smooth flattering appearance 
A system for processing a semiconductor substrate is provided. 
The system includes a mainframe having a plurality of modules attached thereto. 
The modules include processing modules, storage modules, and transport mechanisms. 
The processing modules may include combinatorial processing modules and conventional processing modules, such as surface preparation, thermal treatment, etch and deposition modules. 
In one embodiment, at least one of the modules stores multiple masks. 
The multiple masks enable in-situ variation of spatial location and geometry across a sequence of processes and/or multiple layers of a substrate to be processed in another one of the modules. 
A method for processing a substrate is also provided 
Systems and methods for processing high purity materials are disclosed. 
A unit operation processes a material stream, an operational parameter of the unit operation is monitored, and a standby unit is charged with pressurized gas to achieve system pressure. 
The material stream is diverted to the standby unit in response to the operational parameter of the unit operation registering a threshold value. 
Flow exiting the standby unit is first vented via an outlet, and then directed toward a point of use after the pressurized gas has been purged. 
The unit operation may then be serviced and subsequently brought back online. 
A second unit operation may process a second material stream simultaneously, and the second material stream may be periodically diverted to the standby unit in like manner, thus reducing line pressure variation. 
The disclosed method may be performed manually or implemented automatically through use of a controller 
An energy efficient process for converting biomass into a higher carbon content, high energy density slurry. 
Water and biomass are mixed at a temperature and under a pressure that are much lower than in prior processes, but under a non-oxidative gas, which enables a stable slurry to be obtained containing up to 60% solids by weight, 20 - 40% carbon by weight, in the slurry. 
The temperature is nominally about 200°C under non-oxidative gas pressure of about 150 psi, conditions that are substantially less stringent than those required by the prior art 
There are provided methods and apparatus for adaptive reference filtering. 
An apparatus includes an encoder (100) for encoding at least one picture. 
The encoder (100) performs adaptive filtering of at least one reference picture to respectively obtain at least one filtered reference picture, and predictively codes the at least one picture using the at least one filtered reference picture. 
The at least one reference picture is a picture wherein at least one sample thereof is used for inter-prediction either of subsequent to the at least one sample being applied to an in-loop filter or in an absence of the at least one sample being applied to an in-loop filter 
The optical-fiber-based radio-frequency identification (RFID) system includes one or multiple RFID readers optically coupled to one or more transponders via respective one or more optical fiber RF communication links. 
The transponders are each adapted to receive electromagnetic RF tag signals from RFID tags within the associated picocell and transmit optical RF tag signals to the corresponding RFID reader over the corresponding optical fiber RF communication link. 
The RFID reader then converts the optical RF tag signals to electrical RFID tag signals, and extracts the RFID tag information from the RFID tag signals. 
The transponders can be arranged spaced apart along the length of one or more optical fiber cables made up of pairs of downlink and uplink optical fibers that constitute the optical fiber RF communication links 
In a plasma display apparatus of the preset invention, a filter including an external light shielding sheet configured to shield externally incident light to the greatest extent possible is disposed at the front, thus effectively implementing a black image and improving the bright and dark room contrast. 
Furthermore, since the external light shielding sheet and an EMI shielding sheet are formed to be aligned, thereby sustaining the luminance of the screen 
Cyanine compounds represented by the general formula (I): (I) wherein R<SUP>1</SUP> and R<SUP>2 </SUP>are each independently hydrogen, hydroxy, halogeno, nitro, cyano, an organic group having 1 to 30 carbon atoms, or a group represented by the general formula (II), (II') or (III); R<SUP>3</SUP> and R<SUP>4</SUP> are each independently hydrogen, an organic group having 1 to 30 carbon atoms, or a substituent represented by the general formula (III); R<SUP>1</SUP> and R<SUP>2</SUP> may be united to form a ring structure; R<SUP>3</SUP> and R<SUP>4</SUP> may be united to form a heterocycle; N-R<SUP>3</SUP> together with the adjacent methylene group of the polymethylene chain may form a heterocycle; X is oxygen, sulfur, selenium, -CR<SUP>5</SUP>R<SUP>6</SUP>-, -NH- or -NY<SUP>j</SUP>-; R<SUP>5</SUP> and R<SUP>6</SUP> are each independently an organic group having 1 to 30 carbon atoms or a substituent represented by the general formula (II), (II') or (III), or alternatively R<SUP>5</SUP> and R<SUP>6</SUP> may be united to form a ring structure; Y<SUP>j</SUP> is an organic group having 1 to 30 carbon atoms or a group represented by the general formula (III); Z<SUP>0</SUP> is an organic group having 1 to 10 carbon atoms; n is 1 or 2; r is 2 to 8; An<SUP>q-</SUP> is a q-valent anion; q is 1 or 2; and p is a coefficient making the charge neutral 
A method of selective trapping of only armchair nanotubes with metallic properties from a mixture of carbon nanotubes with mixed chirality. 
Defects are removed from only armchair nanotubes by taking advantage of the fact that the diffusion to tube axis direction is lower in the vacant lattice defects of zigzag nanotubes than in those of armchair nanotubes. 
The vacant lattice defects remaining in zigzag nanotubes are active, so that the tube structure thereof is easily destructed and decomposed by oxidation, etc. Accordingly, trapping of only armchair nanotubes from a mixture of nanotubes with mixed chirality can be attained 
A first voltage control unit (50-1) includes a first PI control unit (54-1), a first switching unit (55-1), and a first subtraction unit (56-1). 
The first subtraction unit (56-1) subtracts an output of the first switching unit (55-1) from a voltage value as the voltage feed forward compensation term (Vb1)/target voltage (VR1). 
Similarly, a second voltage control unit (50-2) includes a second PI control unit (54-2), a second switching unit (55-2), and a second subtraction unit (56-2). 
A switching control unit (70) controls the first and the second switching unit (55-1, 55-2) so that during temperature increase control, the PI control unit functions for the voltage control unit of the discharge side and an output of the PI control unit is cut off for the voltage control unit of the charge side 
Disclosed is a battery (100) comprising a secondary battery (4) formed by stacking a plurality of unit cells each having a positive electrode and a negative electrode, collector electrodes (21, 23) respectively formed on end faces of the secondary battery (4) positioned in the stacking direction of the unit cells, and terminal portions (T1, T2) respectively so formed on the collector electrodes (21, 23) as to project beyond a lateral surface of the secondary battery (4), to which portions conductive members (U1, U2) for charging and discharging are connected. 
In this battery (100), a refrigerant is supplied to the terminal portions (T1, T2) for cooling the terminal portions (T1, T2) 
It is possible to provide a light source realizing a single spectral line width of a half value width not greater than 1 MHz and not affected by a change of the ambient temperature. 
The light source includes a first laser (71) for generating a first laser beam, a second laser (12) for generating a second laser beam, and a nonlinear optical crystal (13) inputting the first laser beam and the second laser beam and generating a difference frequency or a sum frequency so as to output a coherent light. 
The second laser (12) has a built-in diffraction grating so as to be a wavelength-variable light source capable of sweeping the wavelength of the second laser beam. 
The first laser (71) is formed by a semiconductor laser and a fiber grating having a reflection band narrower than the resonance wavelength interval decided by an element length of the semiconductor laser. 
The first laser beam has a single spectral line width of a half value width not greater than 1 MHz 
A tire which can be used without losing durability and partial abrasion resistance until the tread abrades thoroughly by making radial growth of a pneumatic tire for heavy load uniform in the tire width direction. 
Second and third adjoining belt layers (12, 13) out of first through fourth belt layers (11-14) arranged sequentially from radial inside toward outside of the tire are layers having relatively small belt angles with respect to the equatorial plane of the tire (CL) and crossing in the reverse directions with respect to the equatorial plane of the tire (CL). 
The third crossing belt layer (13) is divided in the tire width direction and constituted of a center portion side inner belt layer piece (13A) and a shoulder portion side outer belt layer piece (13B). 
The dividing position is located on the inside of a main groove (9) on the outermost side in the tire width direction, and radial growth of the shoulder portion is suppressed by enhancing radial growth suppression effect of the outer belt layer piece (13B), thus making radial growth uniform in the tire width direction 
A Cu-Fe-P copper alloy sheet which has such a dislocation density that the value obtained by dividing the half-value width ß of an X-ray diffraction intensity peak attributable to the {311} plane in a surface of the sheet by the height H of the peak is 0.015 or larger. 
This sheet has a reduced shear-plane proportion. 
Also provided is a Cu-Fe-P copper alloy sheet having a relatively low iron content. It is regulated so as to have a texture in which the ratio of an X-ray diffraction intensity for the (200) plane in the sheet surface I(200) to an X-ray diffraction intensity for the (220) plane I(220), i.e., I(200)/I(220), is 0.3 or lower. 
Furthermore provided is a Cu-Fe-P copper alloy sheet having a relatively low iron content. It has a texture in which the distribution density of Brass orientation as determined by the crystal orientation analysis method from an EBSP obtained with an FE-SEM is 25% or higher, and has an average crystal grain diameter of 6.0 µm or smaller 
An anti-reflection film comprising a transparent substrate and at least a low-refractive-index layer provided on the substrate directly or through other layer, wherein the low-refractive-index layer comprises at least two silica microparticles, one of the silica microparticles is a hollow silica microparticle having a porous or hollow interior, another one of the silica microparticles is colloidal silica having an average particle diameter of not less than 1.1 times and less than 20 times that of the hollow silica microparticles, and the outermost surface of the film has an arithmetic average roughness (Ra) of not less than 40 and less than 500 nm 
A security system (1), comprising a chassis side member (2) with holes on sides, at least one mechanism (3) allowing lowering and raising the spare tire fastened to one side of the chassis side member (2), a tip (4) of the lug wrench for moving the mechanism (3) by passing through the other hole of the chassis side member (2) and a stud (5) for preventing the access of the tip (4) of the lug wrench to the mechanism (3) and when disassembled, moving the mechanism (3) by making the tip (4) of the lug wrench reach the mechanism (3), the stud being situated in the center of the chassis side member (2) and characterized by a special nut (6) placed in the tip of the stud (5), outside the chassis side member (2) and integral with the stud (5) 
The device for injecting bone cavities with fluid cement, particularly for vertebroplasty or the like, includes a needle for injecting the cement fluid into a bone cavity containing biological fluids and features an opening to fill up with the cement fluid outside the bone cavity and an opening to inject the cement fluid into the bone cavity. 
The device according to the invention also includes a channel for extracting the biological fluids from the bone cavity during injection of the cement fluid in the bone cavity; such channel is fitted with an opening to let the biological fluids in from the bone cavity and an opening to let the biological fluids out from the bone cavity. 
The injection and inlet openings can be positioned near each other inside the bone cavity 
A composition having a pH in the range of from 3 to 8.5, comprising: (a) in the range of from 0.1 % to <10% w/w (based on the total weight of the composition) of a stock solution comprising a mixture of bioflavonoids and fruit acids or salts thereof; (b) sodium hyaluronate; and (c) water; and, optionally, (d) a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier therefor; wherein the sodium hyaluronate has an average molecular weight of between 800,000 and 4,000,000 
A sports glove comprises a covering for the back of the hand, in which the covering comprises one or more chambers formed of a flexible material and containing a fluid under pressure. 
The fluid containing chambers may extend also to covering the backs of the fingers. 
The fluid may comprise air and the chambers may be interconnected or in mutual communication through air passageways. 
The glove may include a manually-operable air pump and pressure relief valve 
The invention relates to a method for producing a consistent state of a program component quantity (2, 2-1, 2-2, 2-3, 2-4) of a computer program, said method using a program component quantity (2, 2-1, 2-2, 2-3, 2-4) containing information (4, 4-1, 4-2) about the model forming the basis of the computer program, a source code (6, 6-1, 6-2), and a structure description (8, 8-1, 8-2). 
In a consistent state of the program component quantity (2, 2-1, 2-4), the source code (6, 6-1, 6-2) can be automatically generated from the model information (4, 4-1, 4-2) according to the structure description (8, 8-1, 8-2). 
Said method contains the following steps: a new source code (6-2) which contains variations in relation to an initial output source code (6-1) of a consistent initial program component quantity (2-1) is provided; at least some of the components (4-1, 8-1) of the initial program component quantity (2-1) are compared with the new source code (6-2); and a new structure description (8-2) and new model information (4-2) are produced on the basis of the comparison such that the new source code (6-2) can be automatically generated from the new model information (4-2) according to the new structure description (8-2) 
A regenerative air preheater with brush seals (23) is proposed 
An abrasive article includes an abrasive layer having an array of protrusions. 
The abrasive layer has a thickness not greater than about 500 mils. 
The abrasive article is free of a backing layer 
A probe having a conductive body and a contacting tip that is terminated by one or more blunt skates for engaging a conductive pad of a device under test (DUT) for performing electrical' testing. 
The contacting tip has a certain width and the blunt skate is narrower than the tip width. 
The skate is aligned along a scrub direction and also has a certain curvature along the scrub direction such that it may undergo both a scrub motion and a self-cleaning rotation upon application of a contact force between the skate and the conductive pad. 
While the scrub motion clears oxide from the pad to establish electrical contact, the rotation removes debris from the skate and thus preserves a low contact resistance between the skate and the pad. 
The use of probes with one or more blunt skates and methods of using such self-cleaning probes are especially advantageous when testing DUTs with low-K conductive pads or other mechanically fragile pads that tend to be damaged by large contact force concentration 
A transdermal patch for administrating an agonist to a patient, where the transdermal patch includes an occlusive wall defining a reservoir with an open bottom end and an opposing top end, a matrix permeable to perspiration from the patient occupying the reservoir, wherein the matrix includes a first region having the agonist suspended therein for release through the bottom end of the reservoir to the patient, and a second region located at the top end of the reservoir, wherein the second region includes an antagonist associated with the agonist suspended therein and being configured to release the antagonist at the onset of imminent overdose of the agonist by the patient, a permeable adhesive layer covering at least a portion of the bottom end of the reservoir, the adhesive layer being adapted for maintaining the matrix in communication with the skin of the patient; and at least one visual indicator located at the top end of the reservoir, wherein the at least one visual indicator is adapted to undergo a visual change in the presence of the perspiration from the patient 
A welding method in which workpieces that are an aluminum casting member (1) and an aluminum expanded member (3) are welded together by AC arc welding with the use of a wire (7) while the polarity of voltage applied between the wire (7) and the workpieces is alternated. 
The AC arc welding is performed with the relationship of |B|/(A + |B|) = not less than 0.128 maintained, where A is the time integration value of an electric current when the wire (7) has a positive polarity and B is the time integration value of an electric current when the wire (7) has a negative polarity. 
This sets the amount of input heat in welding the aluminum casting member (1) to be not more than 67.8 J/mm<SUP>2</SUP> 
It is described a method for releasing mercury in devices requiring it, in particular fluorescent lamps, based on the use of manganese-mercury compositions 
The present invention relates to novel Tenofovir disoproxil hemifumarate salt, which is prepared by dealkylation of Phosphonate esters by using mineral acids followed by esterification and crystallization to give crystalline Tenofovir disoproxil. 
The Tenofovir disoproxil is further converted to fumarate salts with improved yield 
The present invention relates to an improved process for the preparation of valsartan compound of formula-1 through novel intermediate compounds. 
It also relates to a novel process for the preparation of amorphous form of valsartan 
A method for controlling the advanced multimedia features and supplementary services, such as integration with Internet TV powered by online advertising including interactive video, banner, text ads, online tracking tool which tracks users behaviour, along with various features of communication and infotainment like Phone calls including PC to PC, PC to land line, PC to mobile and vice versa, Video Phone, Chat, & TV (Internet Television), on-line shopping/store with facilities like searching of web, follow me facility, world clock and adding of favorites etc that are implemented within Internet Protocol (IP) based telephony technology using Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) for its communications. 
Moreover the present application provides an interactive solution by offering free talk time to the users based on the duration of watching of the internet television, using and interacting with the disclosed soft phone and also incorporating some viewer friendly solutions for entertainment, communication across the globe 
A cooperative scheduling system for cooperative scheduling between large numbers of independent users, the users being divided into a several interest groups, comprises: a networked server, a scheduling database associated with the networked server for storing scheduling data, the scheduling database allowing categorization of the data for the interest groups; a multi-user input interface for allowing multiple remotely located users to enter scheduling data to the scheduling database, the data being categorized for the interest groups; and a multi-user output interface for allowing multiple remotely located users to retrieve scheduling data from the scheduling database, the output interface including a configuration for filtering of the retrieval according to category. 
Thus scheduling data is stored at a central location in a cooperative effort and is retrieved according to the level of relevance to the user 
A container, opening at one end comprising; a cork (11) located adjacent to the opening; a light source module (13) mounted outside the container; an activating catch (12), connected to both cork and light source module, touching the light source module upon movement of the cork; and, a chemiluminescent light source disposed within the light source module, configured to glow or illuminate upon touch of activating catch 
A communications device includes a personalization content manager and a media player. 
The manager receives group media clips of a group that shares common media content. 
The media player plays at least one of the group media clips on the occasion of call-related activity with another of the members. 
A method includes enabling members of a group to define a media clip for use as a common call-related media tone for the members 
A method of providing weighted concepts related to a sequence of one or more words, including: providing on a computer an encyclopedia with concepts and a document explaining each concept, forming a vector, which contains the frequency of the word for each concept, for each word in the encyclopedia, arranging the vector according to the frequency of appearance of the word for each concept, selecting the concepts with the highest frequencies for each word from the vector, truncating the rest of the vector, inducing a feature generator using the truncated vectors; wherein the feature generator is adapted to receive as input one or more words and provide a list of weighted concepts, which are most related to the one or more words provided as input 
A compound having the following general formula:(I) wherein - * represents a chiral center; - R0 is selected from the group comprised of : a carbonyl or thiocarbonyl group, an alkyl group (methylene, ethylene, or methylcarbonyl or methyl-thiocarbonyl group; - Y is selected from the group comprised of: a CH2 group, a C=O group, a C=S group, a C=NH group; - A is selected from the group comprised of: a -CONH- group, a - COO- group, a -CO- group, an alkyl group (C1-C3), alkylcarbonyl group, a carbonyl group, a thiocarbonyl group, an alkylthiocarbonyl group, a sulphonic group, an alkylsulphonic group; - R1 is selected from the group comprised of: a hydrogen atom, an alkyl group, (methyl, ethyl, propyl, isopropyl, butyl, iso-butyl or tert-butyl, an alkoxy group (methoxy, ethoxy, n-propyloxy, iso-propyloxy), an halide atom (F, Cl, Br, I), a trifluoromethyl group, a cyanide group, a nitro group, a hydroxy group, an amine group, an alkylamine group, an alkylamide (acetamide, trifluoroacetamide, propionamide) or alkylsulphonamide (methanesulphonamide, ethanesulphonamide) group. - -R2 is selected from the group comprised of: a hydrogen atom, an alkyl group with C1-C4 carbon atoms (methyl, ethyl, propyl, isopropyl, butyl, isobutyl or terbutyl), a carboxyl group, an alkoxy group (methoxy, ethoxy, n-propyloxy, iso-propyloxy), an halide atom (F, Cl, Br, I), a cyanide group, a nitro group, a trifluoromethyl group, a hydroxy group, a thioalkyl group (C1, C2, C3); an amine group of NR3R4 type where R3 and R4 can be indifferently a hydrogen atom, an alkyl, alkylsulphonic (methanesulphonic, ethanesulphonic), acyl (acetyl, propionyl), trifluoroalkyl group 
A method and apparatus are disclosed for braking a wheel of a castor. 
The apparatus includes a brake plate member comprising at least one brake pad and an abutment surface. 
The apparatus also comprises a trigger member comprising a rotatable trigger arm having an abutment member at an end region thereof. 
In a non-braking mode of operation the trigger arm is locatable to urge the abutment member against the abutment surface of the brake plate member to thereby support the brake member in a non-engaged position 
The present invention relates to a device (10) for the suspension of bed slats comprising at least one tip (12) having an upper part (13) that includes at least one receptacle (14, 16) to accommodate the end of a slat, a lower part (18), and an intermediate part (20) comprising at least one suspension element (22, 24) connecting the lower part to the upper part, the lower part comprising a support plate (26), the device further comprising at least one anchor stud (28) produced from a more rigid material than that of the support plate (26), said anchor stud (28) extending perpendicularly with respect to the support plate (26) while passing through it. 
The invention is characterized in that the tip (12) and the anchor stud (28) are produced as a single piece by molding 
The invention relates to an electrical appliance for making culinary preparations in separate portions, having an enclosure (5) that receives at least two receptacles (3) resting on a base (6) made of a material that conducts heat well and is connected thermally to means designed to modify the temperature of the enclosure (5). 
In accordance with the invention, the means for modifying the temperature of the enclosure (5) include at least one thermoelectric element (16) underneath the base (6) mainly between at least two adjacent receptacles (3) 
The invention relates to a method and an arrangement for dampening vibration in a mast structure of a mast truck. 
In the method the critical characteristics of the mast structure and/or of the vibration are measured, computed, measured and computed or at least some of the characteristics are fed to the computing system in advance, the lowest natural frequency (?n) of the mast structure and/or the phase of the vibration is computed from the collected data or determined directly from the mast structure, the order for movement is obtained from driver or master system, the critical characteristics are fed to the computing system, the movement guidance to the speed controller is generated from above mentioned characteristics of the vibration, the order for movement is divided at least two parts (impulses I), and the actuator is controlled with speed controller for moving the truck or load in the truck according to the order for movement. 
The arrangement includes the means for performing the described method 
A portable electronic device and a method for accessing information in the electronic device, which includes a display and a graphical user interface for presentation of information on the display. 
The electronic device comprises a set of information items presentable in an item list on the display, such as a menu list, which set includes a first subset and a second subset. 
A user input interface is operable to select list items for activation, and a control unit is configured to present only the first subset responsive to a command on the user input interface to present the item list. 
The list is typically a vertical list which is longer than the display, and the first subset is a number of most important items within the list. 
Moving a highlight beyond an endpoint item of the first subset may trigger the control unit to unfold the full list. 
The list may be a menu in which the first subset contains the most frequently used items, or the list may be a text of which the first subset is an abstract or an introduction 
The present invention relates to field device electronics, which are fed by an external electrical energy supply, for a field device, wherein the external electrical energy supply provides a supply voltage and produces a variable supply current driven thereby, which field device electronics comprise an internal monitoring and control unit for controlling the field device, and at least one internal supply circuit, which feeds the internal monitoring and control unit, wherein the supply current is a pulsating current, which is formed by superimposition and/or modulation of an AC component on a DC component, and wherein the internal supply circuit uses, at least temporarily and/or proportionately, even the AC component of the pulsating current for covering an instantaneous energy requirement of the monitoring and control unit 
The present invention relates to a self-oscillating modulator 2 comprising a PWM cycle constrainer 21. 
The present invention further relates to a method of stabilising the switch frequency of a self-oscillating modulator operating on a high level input signal, whereby at least one PWM cycle constraint representative signal 26; 32, 33 is applied to a pulse width modulated signal 18 within said self-oscillating modulator 2. 
The present invention further relates to a method of avoiding pulses narrower than a predetermined minimum pulse width or wider than a predetermined maximum pulse width in a self-oscillating modulator 2 operating on a high level input signal, whereby at least one PWM cycle constraint representative signal 26; 32, 33 is applied to a pulse width modulated signal 18 within said self-oscillating modulator. 
The present invention further relates to a method of providing at least one PWM cycle constraint representative signal 26; 32, 33 for use in a self-oscillating modulator, whereby said PWM cycle constraint representative signal is established by the steps of: providing a periodic signal 17; 25; 31 by means of a reference signal generator 22, providing a square wave signal 31 on the basis of, and in synchrony with, said periodic signal 17; 25, and providing said PWM cycle constraint representative signal 26; 32, 33 on the basis of, and in synchrony with, said square wave signal 31 
The invention relates to a dowel that is composed of a strand arrangement comprising at least one first strand (12) which extends along a longitudinal axis (L) and at least one second strand (14) which extends at an angle (Y) to the at least one first strand (12) and intersects said at least one first strand (12) at intersection points. 
The at least one first strand (12) and/or the at least one second strand (14) is/are wound around the longitudinal axis (L) at a certain distance (171, 172) while the at least one first strand (12) is connected to the at least one second strand (14) at the intersection points. 
The strand arrangement is embodied such and/or is made of such a material that the strand arrangement can be expanded at an angle to the longitudinal axis (L). 
Such a dowel has the particular advantage of evenly distributing the pressure which acts upon the wall surface (102) of a bore. 
A single-size dowel can be used for several screw diameters. 
Furthermore, the amount of boring dust produced is significantly reduced, less power is required for drilling the bore, and the feed force applied to the drill can be decreased because a bore with a comparatively small diameter can be created 
A metal moulding (10) comprises a metal foam region (12) of metal foam made of a metal, a further region (14), in which the metal has fewer or smaller voids than in the metal foam region, and a substantially volatile single- or multi-part insert element (16) with openings or intermediate spaces. 
The insert element (16) is arranged in an interfacial region between the metal foam region (12) and the further region (14). 
The metal in the further region (14) is metallically bonded to the metal in the metal foam region (12) in openings or intermediate spaces of the insert element (16) 
An electromagnetic vibrator has a movable magnet that can move linearly in an axial direction. 
A field coil surrounds the movable magnet. 
Magnetic bumpers are disposed on opposite ends of the vibrator, and are oriented to repel the movable magnet. 
When an alternating current is provided in the field coil, the movable magnet oscillates linearly in the axial direction, bumping against the magnetic field of the bumper magnets and thereby creating vibration. 
The movable magnet may have a toroidal shape and be disposed on an axial shaft to linearly constrain the motion of the movable magnet. 
Two field coils can be provided to simultaneously create push and pull forces on the movable magnet. 
The bumper magnets can be replaced with compression springs. 
The electromagnetic vibrator can be very small and energy efficient; it is well suited for use in portable electronic devices, cell phones, toys, industrial mixers, and massage devices 
A connection system for use with a panel having an aperture includes a connection device having a front portion and a back portion. 
The front portion is insertable in an axial direction into the aperture, and the back portion is configured to prevent passage through the aperture. 
A retainer releasably secured to the panel is positioned adjacent the back portion of the connection device and configured to provide predetermined limited floating movement of the connection device in at least the axial direction 
A three-wafer channel or column structure for a fluid analyzer. 
The structure may have a support member, membrane, or support wafer (42) containing heaters and interactive elements. 
The membrane may have a channel (32) of one wafer (30) facing the interactive element side and a space (46) of another wafer (44) facing the other side. 
The membrane (42) may have perforations (45) to equalize the pressures on both sides of the membrane. 
A detector in the membrane may have exposure to both the channel (32) and space (46) for good sensitivity, as the sample may be on both sides of the membrane. 
The wafers may be bonded with a thin film of non-flowing viscous material. 
Capillaries may be attached to an inlet and outlet of the channel and be parallel to an elongated dimension of the channel 
The present invention provides a regioselective biological process for the oxidation of the 23-hydroxy group of LLF-28249-a which comprises reacting LL-F28249-a with a biocatalyst that is capable of specifically oxidising the 23-hydroxy group of LL-F28249-a. 
The present invention also provides the use of the regioselective biological oxidation process in the manufacture of moxidectin 
Systems and methods for determining pacing timing intervals based on the temporal relationship between the timing of local and non-local cardiac signal features are described. 
A device includes a plurality of implantable electrodes electrically coupled to the heart and configured to sense local and non-local cardiac signals. 
Sense circuitry coupled to first and second electrode pairs senses a local cardiac signal via a first electrode pair and a non-local cardiac signal via a second electrode pair. 
Detection circuitry is used to detect a feature of the local signal associated with activation of a heart chamber and to detect a feature of the non-local signal associated with activation of the heart chamber. 
A control processor times delivery of one or more pacing pulses based on a temporal relationship between timing of the local signal feature and timing of the non-local signal feature 
Disclosed are ceramic bodies comprised of composite cordierite aluminum magnesium titanate ceramic compositions and methods for the manufacture of same 
The invention provides an amphiphilic copolymer comprising monomer units derived from a first monomer and monomer units derived from a second monomer. 
The copolymer has at least one hydrophobic endgroup. 
The first monomer is such that the copolymer is thermally responsive and the second monomer comprises a carboxylic acid or carboxylate group 
A method and a device to clean an ice-cream scoop (5) imply that the ice-cream scoop (5) is immersed into hot water steam in a house (1), whereby the scoop becomes disinfected, and ice-cream residues and other material are rinsed off by condensate from the scoop, which is kept oriented in a steam- exposure apparatus to allow complete draining off from the concave side of the scoop. 
The apparatus contains a house having an opening (2) for the icecream scoop (5) and a steam generator (10) that introduces hot steam into the house 
The present invention relates to 6-(4-{[(benzylsulfonyl)amino]carbonyl}piperidin-1-yl)-5-cyano-2-methylnicotinic acid ethyl ester, form I and II, to processes for preparing such compounds, to their utility as P2Y<SUB>12</SUB> inhibitors and as anti-thrombotic agents etc, their use as medicaments in cardiovascular diseases as well as pharmaceutical compositions containing them 
The present invention relates to a device for energy conversion, comprising: a housing provided with at least one chamber and a piston which is freely movable within said chamber, wherein said piston is capable of reciprocating movement from a central position or rest position, and wherein a gap between the piston and the wall of the chamber has a dimension that decreases as the piston moves further away from said central position or rest position 
Disclosed is a method for decomposing an aromatic block copolymer, which is characterized in that the aromatic block copolymer contains a segment 1 represented by the general formula (1) below and a segment 2 composed of a structural unit represented by the general formula (2) below and/or a structural unit represented by the general formula (3) below, and the segment 2 is chemically decomposed. 
Also disclosed are an analysis method using the decomposition method, and an aromatic block copolymer determined by the method. 
(1) (2) (3) (The symbols in the formulae are as defined in claims. 
Provided is an absorptive article having absorption elements capable of following the body of a user. 
This absorptive article (1) comprises a generally rectangular base absorption element (2), a top absorption element (3) disposed on one surface of the base absorption element (2) at substantially lateral center of the base absorption element (2) and along the longitudinal direction of the base absorption element (2), and a fixing part (4) for fixing the base absorption element (2) to the top absorption element (3) so that at least one end of the top absorption element (3) in the longitudinal direction thereof is made to be a free end (31). 
A temporary locking part (5) for restricting the movement of the top absorption element (3) is provided on the top absorption element (3) near a free end part (32) thereof at least before application of the absorptive article to the body of the user 
Disclosed is a liquid fullerene derivative comprising a fullerene moiety, a benzene ring bonded to the fullerene moiety, and first to third alkyl substituents R<SUB>1</SUB>, R<SUB>2</SUB> and R<SUB>3</SUB> respectively bonded at the 2-position, 4-position and 6-position of the benzene ring. 
Each of the first to third alkyl substituents R<SUB>1</SUB>, R<SUB>2</SUB> and R<SUB>3</SUB> has at least 12 carbon atoms. 
This liquid fullerene derivative is in a liquid state at room temperature without requiring a solvent, and easily exhibits an intrinsic function of a fullerene. 
Also specifically disclosed are a method for producing such a liquid fullerene derivative and a device using such a liquid fullerene derivative 
A laminated component is provided with a plurality of magnetic ferrite layers; conductor patterns formed on the magnetic ferrite layers to form a coil by being connected in the laminating direction; and a nonmagnetic ceramic layer formed at least on one magnetic ferrite layer to overlap the conductor pattern in the laminating direction. 
The nonmagnetic ceramic layer has, as a main component, a nonmagnetic ceramic having a sintering temperature higher than that of the magnetic ferrite, and further, includes one or more elements selected from among Cu, Zn and Bi in an oxide state 
A process for the production of molds by using a conjugate body constituted of Cr-containing steel members joined to each other, which comprises the conjugate body preparation step (S110) of preparing a conjugate body constituted of Cr-containing steel members joined to each other, the quenching step (S130) of quenching the conjugate body, and the heat-resistant metal structure formation step (S140) of heating the conjugate body to a prescribed temperature to convert previously the metal structure of the body into a metal structure capable of withstanding molding temperature, in this order. 
The process can give molds having improved endurance 
A hydrostatic linear guide unit (1) having a shaft (10) for performing linear guidance and a slider (20) fitted over the shaft (10) with a very small sliding clearance (30) left in between the two and linearly moving along the shaft (10). 
High-pressure fluid supplied into the very small sliding clearance (30) holds the shaft (10) and the slider (20) without contact between them, and the slider (20) moves linearly along the shaft (10). 
A high-pressure fluid supply path is formed inside the shaft (10) to allow the high-pressure fluid supplied from a high-pressure fluid supply source to be led to the sliding clearance (30) through the high-pressure fluid supply path. 
The high-pressure fluid supply path is made up of a supply hole (11) and ejection holes (12) branched from the supply hole (11). 
The construction allows a hose for supplying high-pressure fluid, such as high-pressure air, to be placed on the stationary side. 
This eliminates an influence to positioning of movement side components that is performed in accuracy in the micron order. 
Thus, the hydrostatic linear guide unit has a simple structure, has excellent operating stability, and has reduced production costs 
A circuit (100) for detecting the duty cycle of clock signals comprises an oscillator (2) whose signal can be changed into a square-wave voltage in a gate (3). 
In order to obtain a simple construction of the circuit (100) with improved quality of the output signals a low-pass filter (3) is provided whose output signal is situated between "low" and "high" 
A resorbable insert, formed for attachment within the oral cavity of a subject comprises a polymer material slowly soluble in the mouth; and at least one therapeutic agent, for slow release in use. 
Methods of treatment or prevention of disease states using the resorbable inserts and methods of manufacture of the inserts are also provided 
The present invention relates to a winder in which the jaws of the mandrel are expanded automatically by the weight of the reel, without introducing external energy, by means of a cheap, simple and maintenance-free concept that ensures excellent reproducible clamping of the reel. 
The winder (10) comprises a mandrel (20) of horizontal axis (A) whose jaws (21) are expandable by means of links (42) hinged to the end of a sliding pull rod (41) and connected to the frame (30) by a hinged connecting rod (44). 
The winder comprises a rocker (61) connected to the frame (30) by a fixed pivot axis (D) and to the mandrel (20) by the physical embodiment of the axis of rotation (A), the two axes (D, A) being parallel. 
This rocker (61) is designed to move the mandrel (20) vertically between a raised loading position and a lowered use position under the weight of a reel (1) and is designed to bring about, simultaneously, sliding of the pull rod (41), automatic expansion of the jaws (21), and automatic clamping of the reel (1) 
A haptic device comprising a base member (4), an end-effector (6), a parallel kinematics structure arranged between the base plate and the end-effector and providing at least three degrees of freedom including at least three translational degrees of freedom in relation to the end-effector, and at least one passive gravity compensation means being adapted to exert forces and/or torques on the parallel kinematics structure for at least partial compensation of gravity related forces and/or torques acting in at least one of the three translational degrees of freedom 
A system for treating a septal defect having an implantable treatment apparatus and devices for delivering the implantable treatment apparatus, devices for controlling delivery of the treatment apparatus and methods for treating a septal defect are provided. 
The implantable treatment apparatus is preferably implantable through a septal wall or portion thereof. 
The treatment system can include a flexible elongate body member, a delivery device configured to deliver the implantable apparatus, a stabilization device configured to stabilize the body member, a positioning device configured to position the delivery device in a desired location, and a proximal control device for controlling delivery of the implantable apparatus 
A loading unit of a chemical mechanical polishing apparatus and a method of detecting a proper position of a wafer using the same are provided. 
The loading unit, for loading a wafer to be chemically mechanically polished or a chemically mechanically polished wafer onto a loading plate, includes: an ejection part for ejecting a cleaning fluid supplied through a cleaning fluid supply line onto the bottom of the wafer supported on the loading plate at a plurality of locations around the wafer's circumference; a measurement part for measuring whether the cleaning fluid is normally ejected from the ejection part; and a controller for comparing a measurement value measured by the measurement part with a predetermined value to determine whether the wafer is loaded in a proper position. 
Therefore, it is possible to stably load and unload the wafer onto/from the chemical mechanical polishing apparatus by detecting whether the wafer is loaded in the proper position on the loading plate 
A method for image relighting is presented which receives an input image having at least one spurious edge directly resulting from a first illumination present when the input image was acquired, performs anisotropic diffusion on the input image to form a diffusion image, removes the first illumination using the diffusion image to generate a reflectance image and applies a second illumination to the reflectance image. 
An apparatus for relighting is presented which includes a processor operably coupled to memory storing input image having a first illumination present when the input image was acquired, and functional processing including an anisotropic diffusion module to perform anisotropic diffusion on the input image to form a diffusion image, a combination module which removes the first illumination using the diffusion image to generate a reflectance image, a second illumination module which generates a second illumination, and a lighting application model which applies the second illumination 
The present invention provides a compound represented by the formula (I): wherein each symbol is as defined in the description, or a salt thereof. 
The compound or a salt thereof or a prodrug thereof has a GPR40 receptor function modulating action and is useful as an insulin secretagogue or an agent for the prophylaxis or treatment of diabetes and the like 
In crushing devices for crushing objects by pressing them by rolling bodies, airflow in the direction escaping from the rolling bodies is produced when the rolling bodies are rotated, and this allows the objects to escape with the airflow from the rolling bodies, reducing crushing efficiency. 
A crushing device of the invention has improved crushing efficiency achieved by reducing airflow caused by rotation of rolling bodies. 
The device crushes objects by pressing them by the rolling bodies, and in the deice, a vacuum pump is connected to a crushing space for crushing the objects and the objects are crushed in a high-vacuum environment 
When a predetermined processing, e.g. a film deposition processing, is performed on a workpiece (W) under the existence of plasma by supplying inert gas and processing gas into a processing container, a step for setting a pressure in the processing container to a pressure capable of igniting plasma by starting inert gas supply into the processing container, a step for starting processing gas supply into the processing container and igniting plasma before it becomes non-ignitable due to an increase in partial pressure of the processing gas, a step for regulating the pressure in the processing container to a process pressure for carrying out the predetermined processing, and a step for carrying out the predetermined processing by altering plasma power supplied in order to ignite and sustain plasma to the value of plasma power for carrying out the predetermined processing, are performed sequentially. 
Since the predetermined processing is performed effectively on the workpiece immediately after start of the step for carrying out the predetermined processing, throughput can be enhanced sharply 
A Cu-Zn copper alloy which is for use in electronic parts such as terminals and connectors and has high strength and excellent bendability. 
The Cu-Zn alloy having high strength and excellent bendability comprises 20-40 mass% Zn and, as the remainder, Cu and unavoidable impurities, and has such crystal grain characteristics that the average crystal grain diameter (mGS) is 1-4 µm and the standard deviation (sGS) of the crystal grain diameters is 1/3 mGS or less. 
In the alloy, the relationship {I(220)+I(111/I(200) between X-ray diffraction intensities in an examination of a rolled plane is 2.0-5.0. 
The Cu-Zn alloy may further contain any one or more of Ni, Si, Fe, Ti, Co, and Sn in an amount of 0.01-0.3 mass%. 
The alloy preferably has a sulfur content of 30 ppm or lower and has a surface roughness (Ra) of 0.2 µm or lower 
A mold having an alumina with a microscopic concave convex structure, the concave convex structure such that the distance between adjacent concave portions or convex portions is not greater than the wavelength of visible radiation, formed by anodic oxidation on the surface of an aluminum prototype free from rolling traces, wherein the concave or convex depth or height in crystal grain boundary is 300 nm or less 
The current invention concerns integrated units on trailers that are sectional units, equippable to realize a modular mobile field hospital. 
Each modular unit is constituted by a parallelepiped container (1) with the same dimensions of the semitrailer in which is fixed or integrated; between the support axis it is supplied of generation and distribution system, because this modules are placed in succession in a flanked and parallel way, and they are joined each other through two alleys (13, 14) with different dimensions realized with the walls of each containers, these walls are predisposed on the inside, sliding towards outside, and with hinged parts of the anterior and rear side walls of each container integrated to the semitrailer, they are mobile both manually and through electro-mechanical and electro-hydraulic devices 
Dipeptide compounds containing a histidine residue proved to have interesting blocking activity on secondary products from lipid oxidative stress, in particular on unsaturated aldehydes such as malondialdehyde and hydroxynonenal, which are known to contribute to the inset of quite a number telles que des maladies of chronic pathologies such as neurodegenerative, inflammatory chronic, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes complications and cataract 
The invention relates to a method for measuring athletic performance carried out with a weight stack unit. 
The weight stack unit (10) includes weights (12) and a lifting bar (14), to which desired amount of the weights (12) is connected using a pin (16). 
In addition, the pin (16) stress is measured for determining the athletic performance. 
The invention also relates to a corresponding system and measuring device and to a weight stack unit 
A radio frequency transceiver is provided. The transceiver comprises a receiver for receiving transmission at a first radio frequency and a transmitter for transmitting at a second radio frequency, and in the transmitter a power amplifier (100) with a switching mode power supply (108). 
The transceiver further comprises a controller (406) configured to vary the switching frequency of the switching mode power supply on the basis of the frequency separation of the first and the second radio frequencies 
The invention relates to food technology and is concerned with dairy products, especially yoghurt that in addition to standard ingredients comprises soluble flax fiber and at least one enzyme, particularly the transglutaminase enzyme. 
In addition the invention is concerned with the combined use of soluble flax fiber and transglutaminase enzyme in dairy products to improve the texture and process stability of the products and to prevent syneresis 
A frequency mixing device performing voltage multiplying and low-pass filtering operations in addition to the frequency mixing is provided. 
The three operations may be carried out with the same components by designing the frequency mixer appropriately. 
The frequency mixer comprises a first capacitor (C41) connected in series to the input of the frequency mixing device, a first switch (35) connected in parallel to the first capacitor (C41), a second switch (36) connected in series to the first capacitor (C41), and a second capacitor (C43) connected in parallel to the second switching means. 
The switches (35, 36) are controlled by local oscillator signals (LO_0, LO_180) to close and open alternately according to a change in the voltage level of the first oscillator signal 
A frameless partition having at least one fixed section and at least one fastening profile arranged above the fixed section is described. 
At least the fixed section is designed as a leaf having two transparent panes which lie in parallel at a distance from one another and are held at the margin by a marginal profile which lies between the panes, connects both panes and has at least one mounting space, wherein the fixed section can be connected directly to the fastening profile by means of an angle profile. 
A leg of the angle profile can be adjustably fastened in a concealed manner in a mounting space of the marginal profile of the fixed section 
For a mobile terminal for receiving wireless transmissions from a transmitter and transmitting wireless transmissions to a receiver it proposed to provide an antenna arrangement having a plurality of antenna elements (31, 32) each provided on or within a common body (39) or a respective body of the terminal (30) in a defined spatial relation to a conducting chassis part (33), wherein at least one first antenna element (31) is located on a first side and at least one second antenna element (32) is located on a second side of the same conductive chassis part (33) or of the respective conducting chassis part, wherein high frequency circuitry, for transmitting a respective wireless transmission, is adapted to simultaneously drive said first antenna element and said second antenna element by feeding the same or corresponding high frequency signals to said first antenna element (31) and to said second antenna element (32) 
Methods, apparatus, and products are disclosed for synchronizing an active feed adapter and a backup feed adapter in a high speed, low latency data communications environment that include brokering, by a stream administration server, establishment of an active message stream to a subscribing client device from an active feed adapter, the active message stream capable of communicating active application messages; brokering, by the server, establishment of a backup message stream to the client device from a backup feed adapter, the backup message stream capable of communicating backup application messages; receiving an active feed adapter state in backup messaging middleware of the backup adapter from active messaging middleware of the active adapter; determining, by the backup feed adapter, whether a backup feed adapter state is synchronized with the active feed adapter state; and administering, by the backup feed adapter, operation of the backup adapter in dependence upon the determining 
The present invention concerns a polymer composition comprising polyolefins which enables the preparation of molded articles having an improved balance of properties, in particular mechanical properties and transparency. 
Preferred examples of molded articles are bottles. 
The present invention furthermore concerns a process for preparing such a polymer composition and the use of such a polymer composition for preparing molded articles 
The present invention refers to an expression vector (A) for enhanced expression of a protein of interest encoding a fusion protein comprising at least a secretory signal sequence (A1); a solubilizing agent (A2); a proteolytic cleavage site (A3); and a protein of interest (A4), optionally a tag for purification of the protein of interest (A5) and optionally a heterologously expressed protease (A6), capable of cleaving the proteolytic cleavage site (A3) subsequent to or during secretion of the fusion protein. 
Alternatively, the protease (A6) may be endogenously expressed in the host cell, may be provided to the host cell using a second expression vector (B) and/or may be added extracellularly. 
The present invention furthermore provides methods for using the inventive expression vectors (A) and, optionally, (B), in vitro andin vivo, and kits, comprising these expression vectors and/or cells comprising same 
Process for manufacturing seamless precision steel tubes with improved isotropic toughness at low temperature for hydraulic cylinders comprising the following steps; -(i) providing a steel having a composition comprising 0.06 -0,15% by weight of carbon, 0.30 - 2.5% by weight of Mn, and 0.10 - 0.60% by weight of Si, -(ii) hot-rolling the said steel at a temperature higher than Ac3 such as to obtain a seamless steel tube, -(iii) heating the said seamless steel tube at a temperature in the range between Ac1 and Ac3, -(iv) quenching the said heated seamless steel tube, such as to establish a dual (or multi-) phase microstructure in the steel employed, composed of ferrite and martensite and optionally bainite and/or retained austenite, -(v) cold drawing the quenched seamless steel tube such as to provide a seamless precision steel tube of the desired dimensions, -(vi) subjecting the so-obtained seamless precision steel tube to stress relieving treatment to improve its isotropic toughness, and optionally -(vii) straightening the so-obtained seamless precision steel tube with improved toughness 
The invention relates to the technology of producing continuous mineral fiber, made of materials with a particle size of preferably no more than 80 mmm, in a smelting furnace. 
The melt is channeled into feeders in a processing zone within the distributor channel. 
The processing zone has an extraction area for the melt for supplying the nozzles of the injector, and the primary continuous fibers are formed within the internal openings of said nozzles. 
According to the invention, the ratio between the volume of the extraction area for the melt supplied to the nozzles and the internal volume of the feeder is within the range of 0.002 to 0.09, or the ratio between the volume of the extraction area for the melt supplied to the nozzles and the internal volume of the injector filled with melt is within the range of 0.0005 to 0.025, or the ratio between the volume of the extraction area for the melt supplied to the nozzles and the total internal volume of the nozzle openings of the injector is within the range of 0.05 to 2.8 
Methods of producing a crude product are described. 
A method includes providing a feed and a supported inorganic salt catalyst to a contacting zone. 
The feed has at total content, per gram of feed, of at least 0.9 grams of hydrocarbons having a boiling range distribution between 343 °C and 538 °C. Contact of the supported inorganic salt catalyst with the feed in the presence of a hydrogen source and steam is performed such that the supported inorganic salt catalyst becomes fluidized, and a total product that includes a crude product is produced. 
The crude product has a total content of at least 0.2 grams per gram of crude product of hydrocarbon have a boiling range distribution between 204 °C and 343 °C 
Fabrics and garments may include "dimensionalized" structures. 
The fabric (100) may be "dimensionalized" by integrally forming a plurality of self-standing fabric surface modifying elements (108a, 108b) in the fabric material to thereby provide a fabric contact level different from (and/or reduced in surface area as compared to) the fabric base level. 
Garments may include this "dimensionalized" material, e.g., positioned at various locations to promote better evaporative cooling of the body or heat retention, such as along the wearer's spine, sides, and/or other locations that release substantial heat. 
The "dimensionalizing" structure may be formed in the material, for example, by molding, rolling, embossing, calendering, stretching, crimping, pressing, heating, and/or the like 
Methods for differentiating human pluripotent stem cells into islet-like cells are provided. 
In certain embodiments, the methods utilize sequential culturing of the human pluripotent stem cells with certain factors to produce islet-like cells. 
In certain embodiments, the population of cells produced by the methods is further enriched for islet-like cells 
Systems and methods using multiple gaming tables, tracking devices and a bonus server adapted to provide progressive bonuses are provided. 
The bonus server provides eligibility to a singular progressive table game bonus simultaneously to multiple table game players at multiple gaming tables of multiple gaming table types. 
Funding and player eligibility for the progressive table game bonus are based on main wagers made on main table games, with separate bonus side wagers or funding not being needed. 
The bonus server or system can determine all patrons eligible for the bonus, track wagering information, award an appropriate number of entries to the bonus for each eligible player, and determine a bonus outcome based on the number of entries. 
The number of entries awarded to a given player can be weighted based on the size of a wager and its associated expectation value to the gaming operator 
A system for immunoassaying a sample comprising providing magnetic beads, connecting signal molecules to the beads, connecting the sample to the magnetic beads with the connected signal molecules, magnetically trapping the magnetic beads with the connected signal molecules and the sample, lysising the sample, and analyzing the sample 
The present invention relates to a key used for a light-emittalbe keyboard. 
The keyboard includes a key, an elastic member for supporting the key, and a light emitting device positioned at the lower portion of the key. 
The key includes a cap constituting the top face of the key and transmitting light, the cap being provided with a region displaying at least one of a character and a symbol, and a leg positioned at the bottom face of the cap, supported by the elastic member, and provided with a supporting portion positioned with a gap from the bottom face of the cap 
The present invention relates to a light emittable keyboard including a light emittable element plate provided with a light emittable element, a membrane positioned at the upper portion of the light emittable element plate, and provided with a contact point in a position corresponding to the light emittable element, a key positioned at the upper portion of the membrane, and provided with a pressurized portion cooperating with the contact point in a position corresponding to the contact point, a rubber positioned between the membrane and the key, for returning the key to the original position when the key is pressed, and a plate positioned between the light emittable element plate and the membrane, for accommodating the light emittable element 
A program upgrade system and method for portable device using an over-the-air programming mechanism, that includes an upgrade package processor for generating an upgrade package for a program and an upgrade package server allowing a recipient device to download the upgrade package. 
The method includes generating, the upgrade package on the basis of differences between a first and second versions of the program at the upgrade package processor notifying, the recipient device of an issuance of the upgrade package at the upgrade package server downloading, the upgrade package from the upgrade package server to the recipient device installing the upgrade package in a first memory; and merging the upgrade package and the first version of the program to be loaded as the second version of the program on a volatile memory in response to an upgrade command 
Disclosed is an apparatus of dry cleaning a film and particles deposited at a periphery of a wafer. 
The apparatus comprises a housing providing a space isolated from an outside and having an upper surface opened/closed by a cover; an upper electrode assembly mounted in the housing with being separated from the cover so that its position is maintained when opening and closing the cover; a lower electrode assembly mounted below the upper electrode assembly to be moveable vertically in the housing; and means for moving thelower electrode assembly vertically. 
In addition, transparent observation windows are provided at a centerof an upper surface of the housing and a center of the upper electrode assembly, so that it is possible to check an alignment state of the wafer from the outside 
The present invention provides a urine mass measuring sensor and a monitoring system using the same for automatically measuring and monitoring data such as the quantity of urine excreted from the body of a patient through a tube inserted into the patient's urethra and the frequency of excretions to perform efficient diagnosis and medical treatment. 
The urine mass measuring sensor comprises a container holding member for hanging a urine collecting container for collecting urine excreted from the body of a patient, and a load cell connected with the container holding member for outputting a predetermined electric signal proportional to the weight of urine filled in the urine collecting container connected with the container holding member. 
The monitoring system using a urine mass measuring sensor comprises the urine mass measuring sensor including a container holding member for hanging a urine collecting container, and a load cell connected with the container holding member for outputting a predetermined electric signal proportional to the weight of urine filled in the urine collecting container connected with the container holding member, a signal processor including an amplifier electrically connected to the load cell of the urine mass measuring sensor to amplify the electric signal output from the load cell, and a filter for removing noise of the signal amplified by the amplifier, an analog-to-digital converter for converting the analog signal output from the signal processor into a digital signal, and a computer system for receiving the digital signal output from the analog-to-digital converter and processing the digital signal using a predetermined program. 
An image sensor using a back-illuminated photodiode and a manufacturing method thereof are provided. 
According to the present invention, since a surface of the back-illuminated photodiode can be stably treated, the back-illuminated photodiode can be formed to have a low dark current, a constant sensitivity of blue light for all photodiodes, and high sensitivity. 
In addition, it is possible to manufacture an image sensor with high density by employing a three dimensional structure in which a photodiode and a logic circuit are separately formed on different substrates. 
A method for manufacturing an electrical testing apparatus comprises coating a first photoresist layer on a probe reinforcing substrate with signal lines which pass through the substrate, forming a pattern by exposing and developing the first photoresist layer, performing a thermal flow process on the first photoresist pattern to form support molds having inclined side surfaces in a cone or truncated cone, forming a seed layer, forming probe beams using a probe beam mold having a first opening portion extended to peaks of the support molds, sequentially removing the probe beam mold and the support molds, forming a protective layer to fixedly support the probe beams, forming a probe tip mold having a second opening portion, and forming probe tips 
The present invention relates to a process for fabricating a porous coatings with controlled structure in the micro and nano-size domain. 
In particular, but not exclusively, it relates to a process for fabricating coatings with an anisotropic pore size distribution and to coatings obtained using such coatings. 
It describes in particular the use of ink-jet method to deposit in a controlled way such coatings. 
It also relates to porous coatings with controlled structure in the micro and nano-size domain. 
The coating has a thickness between 10 nanometres and 10 millimetres and its porosity is created in such a way that the pore size distribution is anisotropic. 
It finally describes objects covered with this coating 
The invention relates to a device (30) designed to produce the connection between two parts of a motor vehicle bodywork by induction, characterized in that it comprises a magnetic field application surface (13) whose shape is substantially complementary with that of the surface of the connection between the two parts 
Disclosed is a doctor blade for cleaning the conveyor rolls in the haul-off zone of a float glass plant, said doctor blade being made of carbon fiber-reinforced graphite 
Disclosed is a device that is to be introduced into a body and comprises a distal region which is provided with a tip zone for creating an opening in the skin, and a segmented area which encompasses at least two subareas. 
Said subareas are connected at least to one another and to the distal region in an essentially rigid manner in a rigid state while being movable towards each other in a flexible state. 
Also disclosed is a system in which a sensor is integrated into the inventive device that is to be introduced into a body 
An oral pharmaceutical composition characterized in that it consists of a suspension of a platinum complex of general formula I, wherein A and A' independently of one another are an NH<SUB>3</SUB> group or an amino or diamino group containing 1 to 18 carbon atoms, B and B' independently of one another are a halogen atom or a hydroxy group or are an -0-C(O)-R or an -0-C(O)-R' group wherein R and R' independently of one another are hydrogen atom, an alkyl, alkenyl, aryl, aralkyl, alkylamino or alkoxy group which groups contain 1 to 10 carbon atoms, or functional derivatives of these groups, X and X' independently of one another are a halogen atom or a monocarboxylate group containing 1 to 20 carbon atoms, or X and X' together form a dicarboxylate group containing 2 to 20 carbon atoms, in at least one pharmaceutically acceptable vegetable, animal, mineral, synthetic or semisynthetic oil and/or in at least one pharmaceutically acceptable vegetable, animal, mineral, synthetic or semisynthetic oily substance, in which suspension the content of the platinum complex of general formula I is 0.5 to 50 % by weight based on the total weight of the composition, and which suspension optionally contains at least one pharmaceutically acceptable excipient 
A transmitter circuit is disclosed for use in a multi-frequency wireless communication system. 
The transmitter circuit includes an input modulation unit, a phase modulation system, and an amplitude modulation system. 
The input modulation unit receives at least one signal that is representative of information to be modulated. 
The phase modulation system is coupled to the input modulation unit and provides a phase modulation on an output signal. 
The phase modulation system includes a phase detection system and an adjustable power amplifier. 
The amplitude modulation system is coupled to the input modulation unit and provides amplitude modulation on the output signal. 
The amplitude modulation system includes an amplitude detection system for providing an output signal to the adjustable power amplifier, and a variable gain amplifier coupled to the adjustable power amplifier 
A system (120) and method (180) for programming customized data collection for an autonomous medical device (122-126) is presented. 
Data measures (172) to be recorded by an autonomous medical device (122-126) with remote monitoring are dynamically identified to evaluate a patient status (292). 
One or more operational parameters (171) for the autonomous medical device (122-126) that specify collection of the data measures (172) are defined. 
A data source (192) to measure each data measure (172) is identified. 
Collection conditions applicable to the data source (192) are specified. 
Resources allocated to transiently stage the data measure (172) in the autonomous medical device (122-126) are managed. 
The operational parameters (171) are programmed to effect functional changes in the collection of the data measures (172) to the autonomous medical device (122-126). 
The autonomous medical device (122-126) is regularly interrogated to remotely retrieve the data measures (172) recorded under the operational parameters (171) 
Provided are mono- and diimide naphthalene compounds for use in the fabrication of various device structures. 
In some embodiments, the naphthalene core of these compounds are mono-, di-, or tetra-substituted with cyano group(s) or other electron-withdrawing substituents or moieties. 
Such mono- and diimide naphthalene compounds also can be optionally N-substituted 
The surface silicon layer (SOI layer) of an SOI-based optical modulator is processed to exhibit a corrugated surface along the direction of optical signal propagation. 
The required dielectric layer (i.e., relatively thin "gate oxide") is formed over the corrugated structure in a manner that preserves the corrugated topology. 
A second silicon layer, required to form the modulator structure, is then formed over the gate oxide in a manner that follows the corrugated topology, where the overlapping portion of the corrugated SOI layer, gate oxide and second silicon layer defines the active region of the modulator. 
The utilization of the corrugated active region increases the area over which optical field intensity will overlap with the free carrier modulation region, improving the modulator's efficiency 
The invention relates to a pharmaceutical composition and oral dosage forms comprising a DAC inhibitor in combination with an enhancer to promote absorption of the DAC inhibitor at the GIT cell lining. 
The enhancer can be a medium chain fatty acid or derivative thereof having a carbon chain length of from 6 to 20 carbon atoms. 
In certain embodiments, the solid oral dosage form is a controlled release dosage form such as a delayed release dosage form 
Biomaterials providing sustained release of growth factor for repair of tissues such as bone and cartilage are disclosed. 
The biomaterials comprise a proteoglycan derived from domain I of perlecan and a growth factor, and, optionally, collagen 
An electronic documentation system for use in care for a patient given by a health care provider, comprising a documentation device having a digital video recorder directed towards the patient that records digital video images and audio signals concerning the care of the patient. 
An input interface is provided that accesses a library of patient care categories to select and output one or more patient care categories. 
A processor communicates with the digital video camera, audio recordings, and the input interface. 
A data storage device is in communication with the processor and digitally stores the digital video images, audio recordings, and the patient category output by the input interface. 
A date and time device communicates with the processor to provide a date and time marker correlating to the digital video images, audio recordings and the patient categories output by the input interface 
An endoscopically introducible expandable cautery device having a probe slidably received in a tube. 
The probe has a cauterizing end terminating in a balloon which is expandable upon inflation with fluid supplied through a first lumen in communication with a source of fluid such as a syringe. 
The surface of the balloon has at least one electrical contact that provides a cautery effect when in contact with tissue to be treated. 
The balloon is inflatable to a size larger than the bore of an endoscope though which it may be introduced 
A closure assembly and rupturable vent seal adapted for use in an electrochemical battery cell is disclosed. 
The vent seal includes a series of peripheral projections that can be folded to insure proper sealing of the vent without wrinkles or overlapping folded portions. 
Methods of accomplishing the invention are also contemplated 
A method for identifying an approximate location of a radio frequency tag includes scanning zones of an area in an active mode at a first power level for identifying the zone in which the tag is located, and scanning portions of the zone in which the tag is located in a passive mode at a second power level for identifying the portion of the zone in which the tag is located. 
An RFID system includes a plurality of RFID tags and an RFID interrogator in communication with the RFID tags 
A Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) tag according to one embodiment includes a controller, a sensor in communication with the controller, a local power source for providing power to the controller, and a user input device for receiving manual input from a user. 
A function is selectable by manipulation of the user input device. 
An RFID tag according to another embodiment of the present invention includes a controller having activate circuitry, the activate circuitry being for detecting a valid activate command in an incoming signal and causing the tag to wake from a hibernate state. 
An electronic display device is in communication with the controller. 
A local power source provides power to the controller. 
A user input device receives manual input from a user. 
The tag is normally in a hibernate state. 
Manipulation of the user input device wakes the tag from the hibernate state and/or allows function selection 
A fibrous microencapsulated washer is provided for sealing and retaining a fastener. 
The fibrous microencapsulated washer includes a substrate and a coating of a microencapsulated material on the substrate. 
The fibrous microencapsulated washer includes an aperture extending therethrough to receive a fastener, whereby a radial installation of the fastener causes the microencapsulated material to react on the substrate to form a seal and to adhesively secure the fastener to a workpiece 
A process for making a diffusely reflecting polarizer comprises the steps of arranging polymeric fibers containing certain discontinuous phase birefringent fibrils and forming a solid film. The fibers are dispersed in a polymeric continuous phase, and are arranged in a substantially parallel array. 
A diffusely- reflective polarizer employs the film to effect polarization 
The present invention provides a diffusely-reflecting polarizer comprising: a first polymer which is amorphous and having a birefringence of less than about 0.02 and a second polymer, the first polymer being a continuous phase, and the second polymer being a disperse phase whose index of refraction differs from said continuous phase by greater than about 0.05 along a first axis and by less than about 0.05 along a second axis orthogonal to said first axis; wherein the diffuse-reflectivity of said first and second polymers taken together along at least one axis for at least one polarization state of electromagnetic radiation is at least about 50%, the diffuse transmittance of said first and second polymers taken together along at least one axis for at least one polarization state of electromagnetic radiation is at least about 50% 
A method and apparatus for enhancing the ability of a human to run and jump with comfort comparable to running barefoot on a trampoline and with, control comparable to that of the unaided human form, yet with freedom from ankle-turning roll moments associated with substantial ground contact member (GCM) extension downwardly away from the sole of the foot including, a resiliency urged GCM constrained to two degrees of freedom: translation away from the sole of the user's foot and rotation about a longitudinal axis at ground level. 
The apparatus relates flexure of a GCM toe pressure member to comparable flexure of user's toes at the metatarsal joints. 
The apparatus also incorporates lower leg to ankle pivot bracing, and extends the GCM in downward direction parallel to the lower leg while mimicking user ankle articulation with parallelism- maintaining rotation about a downwardly resiliently urged transverse pivot axis similar to the user's own anckle joint for extended travel 
The invention provides apparatus for providing a next-generation communication system over existing wiring. 
In one form the apparatus includes an input to receive broadband signals carrying next-generation communication data, a processor to extract the next-generation communication data from the broadband signals and a converter to convert the next-generation communication data into analogue telephone signals. 
The apparatus is arranged to output the analogue telephone signals at the input of the apparatus. 
Also described is a related method of providing a next-generation communication system over existing wiring 
The invention relates to a personal token (10) comprising a microprocessor and a memory, said personal token (10) storing and running a software entity which constitutes an end-point for communication over the internet, characterized in that the software entity constitutes an end-point according to a signaling protocol over the internet which signaling protocol is of the type intended at initiating a session (20, 30, 40, 50, 60) of real-time conferencing between end-points 
A balance board has a top side and an under side. 
The under side is arranged to be mounted on top of a ball with a user balancing on the top side. 
The board is shaped to define a generally longitudinal direction and a direction generally transverse to the longitudinal direction. 
The board is formed from a first top portion defining the topside and having a substantially flat region on its under side and a second lower portion joined to the first top portion and defining a wall at least substantially bounding a portion of the flat region. 
The distance across the bounded portion in the longitudinal direction of the board is greater than in the transverse direction. 
With the bounded portion balanced on a ball with a diameter less than the distance across the bounded portion in the transverse direction, the board is enabled to move relative to the ball with at least a degree of spherical rotational freedom and also a degree of translational freedom in directions other than the vertical 
A peer-to-peer network operating in accordance with a service-oriented architecture is disclosed. 
The peers in the network request services from one another and each keep a record of the quality of service they receive from the other peers. 
The peers can operate in two modes of service provider selection. 
In a first mode, the selection is so as to favour service providers which have provided the peer with good service in the past. 
In a second mode, the selection is probabilistic and can therefore select service providers other than those that have provided good service in the past. 
Each device keeps track of the relative success of adopting the second mode of selection. 
By occasionally using the second mode of selection and adopting the second mode of selection more frequently should the relative success of adopting the second mode of selection rise, a more rapid adjustment by the network to changing network conditions is enabled. 
This leads to a better utilisation of the resources of the computers of the network than has hitherto been achieved. 
The invention finds particular application in distributed applications which dynamically select a Web Service to perform a function at run-time 
During checkweighing, materials to be weighed, for example completely packaged materials, are successively supplied to checkscales using a transporting device and are guided away after they have been weighed. 
In order to enable checkweighing which is as fast and as accurate as possible using simple means, the arrival of material to be weighed (3) at the checkscales (1) and the removal of the weighed material (3) from the checkscales (1) are recorded; the weighing signal (m) provided by the checkscales (1) passes through a signal filter (6) whose filter characteristic can be changed and is adapted to different predefined filter characteristics on the basis of the recorded arrival of the material to be weighed and the recorded removal of the weighed material (3) 
A method and apparatus for use in presentations, lectures, seminars, and similar applications that preferably includes an application server computer that runs an interactive presentation facilitating software application and that is connected via a network to a presenter computer and to a number of client computers. 
The application server computer retrieves presentation slides stored in a database and broadcasts the slides for display at the presenter computer, on an overhead screen, and at each client computer. 
User notes entered at the client computers are transmitted to the application server computer for storage in the database. 
The notes are keyed to the presentation slide being displayed as the notes are entered, so that they can later be provided to each note taker in correlation with the slide presentation. 
Each audience member's personal notes and the slides may be later transmitted by the application server computer to the audience member 
Singie-site catalyst activator compositions are provided, said activator compositions comprising anion/cation ion pair wherein; (a) the anion comprises a metal atom bonded via hetero atoms to a chelating organic ligand, and (b) the cation comprises a Bronstecf acid 
A sealed housing (10) accommodates at least one electric or electronic component (12, 14), and has a portion (20) extending through the mounting surface, as well as a rotation preventor (16, 28) preventing rotation of the housing (10) relative to the mounting surface. 
A kit of parts includes at least one such housing (10) and at least one spacer (18). 
A combination of the housing or kit of parts and a door, preferably of a cabinet or an installation room, or a cabinet in the field of telecommunications having the mounting surface is described. 
A use of a friction enhancing element, preferably an O-ring, for mounting a housing to a mounting surface in a non-rotatable manner is also described 
Defoamer compositions effective for the suppression of oil-based and water-based foams. 
The defoamer compositions comprise a fumed metal oxide, such as fumed silica, or another silica-based material dispersed in an organic solvent. 
The fumed metal oxide of silica-based material is preferably present at a low weight percentage and may be coated with polydimethylsiloxane ("PDMS"). 
The defoamer composition may also include one or more traditional defoamer compositions 
The present invention provides an apparatus and method for removing CO gas from gas streams or static air. 
One application of interest in removing CO from air to provide clean air to breathe or other application such as CO monitoring instruments for calibration, to the air side of the fuel cell and to the reformate stream that is employed for a PEM fuel cell. 
This invention protects the fuel cell catalyst by a means to controlling CO in the reformate stream. 
The control system is designed to minimize the CO concentration using the novel CO oxidation catalysts described above. 
One preferred embodiment catalyzes and monitors the CO to indicate the effectiveness; and further comprising two alternate chambers containing catalyst, which is made of high surface area substrate with supramolecular chemistry coated onto that substrate. 
These supramolecular catalyst converts CO gas to CO2 and at least one CO sensor monitors each catalyst chamber and control the process to maximize the fuel cell efficiency or to trigger a signal for service. 
Many other applications to reduce CO in static air as well as in gas stream are feasible including ultra zero air for CO measuring instruments, diving air, ultra-high purity laboratory air and air cleaners and air purifiers designed to reduce health impact to people in homes, hotels, health facilities, transportation systems, workplaces and in other enclosed structures 
An alkaline primary battery comprising: a positive electrode comprising at least oxy nickel hydroxide as a positive electrode active material; a negative electrode comprising zinc or a zinc alloy as a negative electrode active material; a separator placed between the positive electrode and the negative electrode; and an alkaline electrolyte, wherein the oxy nickel hydroxide contains at least manganese and calcium as the elements to be present in the state of a solid solution or a eutectic 
Disclosed are a novel Maitake mushroom (Grifola frondosa) extract and a composition comprising the extract, both of which can enhance the production of sebum more effectively. 
Specifically, disclosed is a Maitake mushroom extract produced by extracting a dried body of Maitake mushroom with pure ethanol. 
Also disclosed is a composition for enhancing the production of a sebum, which comprises the Maitake mushroom extract 
A hybrid driver which can enhance power transmission efficiency over a wide range of change gear ratio. 
The hybrid driver comprises a power division mechanism coupled with an engine, a first motor generator and a second motor generator, a first power transmission passage for connecting the first motor generator with wheels such that power can be transmitted, and a second power transmission passage for connecting the second motor generator with wheels such that power can be transmitted, wherein a first gearbox is provided in the first power transmission passage, a second gearbox is provided in the second power transmission passage, the first gearbox has a mechanism which can switch between power transmission and power interruption, and the second gearbox has a mechanism for switching between power transmission and power interruption 
It is possible to provide a control device and a control method which can improve the detection accuracy of the speed of a driven body and stably control drive means. 
An encoder signal control unit (25) compares the rise measurement time measured by a rise edge interval count unit (38) to the time length of the rise cycle of the latest rise edge stored in a rise interval history unit (39) and outputs the rise measurement time or the rise cycle which is longer according to the comparison result. 
Accordingly, it is possible to accurately predict the cycle of a pulse signal (36) and approximate it in real time. 
Thus, according to the cycle of the pulse signal (36) which has been outputted accurately, it is possible to accurately calculate the speed of the driven body, increase the detection accuracy of the speed of the driven body, and stably control the drive means 
Provided is a power control apparatus for high frequency dielectric heating, which is not affected by magnetron types, fluctuations of characteristics, power supply voltages and the like. 
The power control apparatus is provided with input current detecting sections (71, 72) for detecting an input current to an inverter circuit (10), which rectifies (31) an alternating current power supply voltage (20) and converts it into high-frequency power by performing high-frequency switching. 
A switching frequency control signal (92) wherein input current waveform information (90) from the input current detecting section and power control information (91) are mixed, is converted into a drive signal of semiconductor switching elements (3, 4) of the inverter circuit 
Provided is a radio wave shielding partitioning plane material which can freely adjust radio wave environment as needed. 
A radio wave shielding layer (12) for shielding from radio waves is arranged on the surface of a plane material main body (11) arranged to partition a space 
Disclosed is a prepolymer which can provide a curable product having excellent heat resistance, oil-repellency and water-repellency. 
More specifically, disclosed is a crosslinkable prepolymer having the backbone and a side chain, wherein the backbone has a polyaryl ether structure and the side chain has a crosslinkable functional group and is represented the formula "R<SUP>f</SUP>-CH<SUB>2</SUB>-O-" wherein R<SUP>f</SUP> represents a fluorinated alkyl group having 3 to 50 carbon atoms (which may have an oxygen atom forming an ether bond) 
Provided is an input device capable of fixing an input position and inputting target information by a simple operation even if an erroneous pressing has occurred. 
The input device includes: a rotating body; section identifying means for identifying a section; rotation amount detecting means for detecting a rotation amount from the identified section; section correspondence information holding means for holding a correspondence relationship between a section and unit information correlated to the section; information group holding means for holding each unit information correlated to the respective sections as a first information group; information identifying means for identifying unit information corresponding to the identified section according to the correspondence relationship between the held section and the unit information; and information selection means for selecting predetermined unit information in accordance with the detected rotation amount from the held first information group based on the identified unit information 
A unit for assembling tube components, particularly for assembling shoulders with skirts, wherein said assembling unit includes a vertical turret-shaped element (1) rotatably mounted about the axis of symmetry (8) thereof, as welll as a plurality of series of mandrels (2) secured to the turret (1), each series is positioned in a single plane perpendicular to the axis (8) of the turret (1) and each mandrel (2) of said series extends in a radial direction (9) relative to the axis (8) of the turret (1), the series of mandrels (2) are placed one on top of the other and form a stack along the axis of symmetry of the turret (1), characterised in that each mandrel (2) is movable in a direction that coincides with the axis of symmetry (9) thereof 
A method for synchronising a first machine of a manufacturing process section arranged to carry out a production cycle comprising a working part and a non-working part, which said first machine is operated in conjunction with at least one second machine. 
The first machine carries out a process during the working part of the cycle on a workpiece which is loaded into and/or unloaded out of said first machine by said at least one second machine during the non-working part of each process cycle. 
The first machine is preferably a mechanical press and the second machine is preferably an industrial robot arranged to carry out a loader and/or unloader function. 
A system for carrying out the method and a computer program are also described 
A computer-controlled, semi-automatic, refill system (10) for inkjet cartridges includes a touch screen (18) and audio system (16) for providing on-screen graphic and auditory instructions. 
The system also includes a plurality of exhausting units (22), a plurality of refilling units (28), a weighing unit (24) and a plurality of test printers (20). 
The system (10) is adapted to refill a plurality of black, color and color photo inkjet cartridge models from a plurality of manufacturers. 
The present invention discloses a feeder element for use in metal casting, said feeder element comprising: (i) a first end for mounting on a mould pattern; (ii) an opposite second end for receiving a feeder sleeve,- and (iii) a bore between the first and second ends defined by a stepped sidewall; said feeder element being compressible in use whereby to reduce the distance between the first and second ends, wherein the stepped sidewall has a first sidewall region defining the second end of the element and a mounting surface (54) for a feeder sleeve in use, said first sidewall region being inclined to the bore axis by less than 90° and a second sidewall region contiguous with the first sidewall region, said second sidewall region being parallel to or inclined to the bore axis at a different angle to the first sidewall region whereby to define a step in the sidewall. 
The feeder element offers improvements over the element disclosed in WO2005/051568 
Comprises a pedicular screw (1), a washer (3) which secures the pedicular screw (1) to a cup (6), a bar (8) which comprises the means of attachment to other devices and a locking plug (9) associated with a locking screw (11) which is internally threaded on the cup (6) and determines the position of the bar (8). 
The locking plug (9) incorporates protuberances (12) which enclose within the cup (6) guiding the assembly formed by the locking plug (9) and the locking screw (11) during positioning and tightening of the locking screw (11) on the cup (6), pressing the bar (8) against the washer (3). 
The outer surface of the cup (6) and the locking plug (9) have an essentially circular configuration interrupted by individual flat rebates (13, 14) facing each other which help to reduce the width of the device in the axial direction of the bar (8) 
A method for sharing control (over a first media device) is provided, wherein a first media device is connected with a second media device via at least one network. 
The method comprises the steps of (i) the first media device and/or the second media device are supplied by user data via the at least one network; (ii) an information is sent from the first media device via a control channel to the second media device; and (iii) wherein the information initiates an activity performed on the second media device. 
In addition a device and a system are provided. 
The invention relates to a process for immobilizing 2-bromo-2-nitro-1,3-propanediol by producing a mixture of water-absorbent polymer particles and 2-bromo-2-nitro-1,3-propanediol, in which the mixture additionally contains a compound with at least two epoxy groups and the mixture temporarily has a temperature of at least 40°C 
For multiple registration of a multimodal communication terminal (MKE) via at least one access network in an IMS-based service communication system in a mobile and/or convergent communication system, where the multimodal communication terminal (MKE) is registered for at least one communication service via a first access network (WIAN) in at least one service control unit in the IMS-based service communication system (S-CSCF), a registration message with an access network identifier (ZK) is produced and is transmitted to the at least one service control unit (S-CSCF) in the IMS-based service communication system. 
The at least one service control unit evaluates the access network identifier (ZK) and takes it as a basis for performing further registration of the multimodal communication terminal in the IMS-based service communication system (S-CSCF) 
Systems and methods for the automatic manufacture of a multiple component object with intersecting components based on a standard design model of the object. 
The systems and methods according to the invention are capable of extracting automatically from a design model the dimensions of the components and the intersection parameters of components and of instructing a manufacturing machine to mark out the position of the objects and/or manufacture the object on the basis of this information. 
This increases efficiency and compatibility with existing design models and reduces cost 
A method for detection and classification of imperfections in components is proposed having the following stages: Irradiation of pulsed ultrasonic waves from electrical emission pulses on several points of the surface of the component to be examined, reception of the reflected ultrasonic waves at several points of the surface for generating multiple electrical reception signals, analysis and evaluation of the electrical reception signals in terms of their amplitude information with reference to the positions of the points of the irradiated ultrasonic waves and the detected reflected sound waves for generating a three-dimensional spatial distribution of the scattering properties of the component, wherein in addition to the amplitude information the phase angle of scattering readouts is evaluated and the phase information is assigned to the three-dimensional spatial distribution of the scattering properties of the component, with the amplitude information being invoked for detecting the imperfections, and the amplitude information and the phase information of the three-dimensional spatial distribution being invoked for classification 
A method is described for producing a glass pane having at least one edge section which delimits the glass pane and for the production of which the glass pane has been severed along the edge section with the aid of a severing operation which comprises an introduction of thermal energy. 
The invention is characterized in that, immediately after production of the at least one edge section by means of a severing operation which comprises an introduction of thermal energy, the glass pane is surrounded by a covering at least in sections, preferably along the entire edge section 
A method for the improvement of the slag quality of grate furnaces, comprising a combustion bed with several consecutive fixed-bed burn-out zones on one combustion grate underneath a combustion chamber. 
The problem addressed by the invention is to provide a simple and reliably controllable method for improving the slag quality during waste combustion, such as grate combustion, where a good slag quality is already being obtained during the fixed-bed combustion process on the grate. 
The problem is solved by the fact that the first fixed-bed burn-out zones are permeated by an oxygen-rich primary gas and that at least one of the fixed-bed burn-out zones following the first fixed-bed burn-out zone is permeated by hot fuel gas from the combustion chamber 
The instant invention relates to liquid crystal media comprising one or more bimesogenic compounds, one or more chiral dopants and one or more additives, liquid crystal displays comprising these media, in particular displays exploiting the flexoelectric effect and to a method of improving the response time of such displays 
A method, a system and devices for selecting an edge path between different administration region networks. 
There are several paths between the administration region network 1 and the administration region network 2. 
The method includes: the resource manager 1 in the administration region network 1 confirms the paths between the administration region network 1 and the administration region network 2, and sends the identification information of the confirmed paths to the resource manager 2 in the administration region network 2; the resource manager 2 confirms the path between the administration region network 1 and the administration region network 2 according to the received identification information. 
The present invention can select an edge path between different administration region networks 
A method and apparatus for transmitting and receiving background noise and a silence compressing system. Classifying the background noise into different categories based on the noise character, establishing correspondence between noise character and noise categories, setting different background noise categories correspond to different silence insertion descriptors(SID) frame structures. 
The transmitting end confirms the category of current background noise based on the noise character and established correspondence between noise character and noise categories, generates silence insertion descriptors(SID) frame based on the frame structure correspond to the noise category, and transmits the silence insertion descriptors(SID) frame. 
Because adopting SID frames with different structures to describe background noise with different noise character, the character of various background noise can be accurately described, the comfort background noise synthesized by decoding end can well matches the background noise character of coding end, and enhanced quality of synthesized voice can be achieved 
A terminal for switching among different communication networks, comprising: conversation unit, switching unit, detecting unit and network communicating unit. 
Two methods for switching among different communication networks are also provided, including: detecting the signal states of the CS field network and the IMS field network; then determining the switching moment and implementing the switching operation acording to the detecting results and the prearranged switching policies. 
The terminal and method can achieve seamless switching between the CS field network and the IMS field network 
A method for data transmission based on peer to peer (P2P), creates a P2P link in advance between the transmitter and receiver, and the method also includes: A. the transmitter identifies the said transmitting data based on the type of transmitting data, and sends the identified transmitting data to the receiver based on the said P2P link, thereinto the types of transmitting data being at least one (101); B. the receiver analyses the transmitting data to gain the identification of the transmitting data, and processes the transmitting data basing on the type corresponding to the identification (102). 
The embodiment of the present invention also discloses a system for data transmission based on P2P 
A non-excited tap-changer with shielding device for a transformer includes an upper and a lower bearing (1,2). 
A rotating shaft (3) passes through the upper and the lower bearing (1,2) and is connected to an insulator (5). 
One end of the rotating shaft is connected to an operating mechanism (4). 
Moving contacts (7) are mounted on the rotating shaft and fixed contacts (6) are mounted correspondingly around the moving contacts. 
A cylindrical shielding housing (8) is covering the circumference of the fixed contacts. 
Also, an insulating drum is installed inside and /or outside of the shielding housing. 
A shielding coil is mounted on the one end or both ends of the cylindrical shielding housing. 
The non-excited tap-changer is compact and the reliability is enhanced 
Disclosed in this specification is a range of push up bras. 
The range comprises different bra cup sizes, and offers a different amount of padding for different cup sizes in the same range. 
The different padding provided facilitates a better tailoring of the bra to the body type of the wearer. 
The padding occupies a decreasing area of the cup as the cup size increases. 
The centre of the padding is also gradually lowered with increasing cup size 
The present invention provides a method of diagnosing an inflammatory condition and/or an infection of a respiratory tract and/or pulmonary deterioration in a subject suffering from cystic fibrosis (CF), said method comprising detecting in a sample from a subject a neutrophil derived protein and/or a modified form thereof and/or an isoform of alpha-1 antitrypsin and/or a modified form thereof, wherein detection of said protein indicates that the subject suffers from said inflammatory condition and/or infection and/or pulmonary deterioration. 
Methods for monitoring the efficacy of treatment and/or the progress of an inflammatory condition and/or an infection of a respiratory tract and/or pulmonary deterioration in a subject are also provided 
This invention relates to a plough comprising a frame and a plurality of gangs of discs pivotably coupled to the support frame for movement between a carrying position and a ploughing position. 
The plough includes two or more wheel assemblies for supporting the supporting frame and means for driving the gangs of discs between the carrying position and the ploughing position. 
The plough further includes means for linking each gang of discs to the drive means such that the gangs of discs move in unison upon actuation of the drive means 
The present invention provides derivatives or modified nucleic acid sequences of several microorganisms for use in the detection and analysis of said microorganisms. 
The derivative nucleic acids contain the bases adenosine (A), guanosine (G), T (thymine) and U (uracil or some other non-A, G or T base or base-like entity). 
Given that microbial nucleic acids do not contain methylated cytosine (C) or other C alterations, all C are converted to U. These sequences are amplified where the U in the derivative nucleic acid is replaced by a T, resulting in a modified sequence with the same number of total bases as the corresponding unmodified microbial nucleic acid sequence but made up of a combination of three bases only: A, G and T. As a consequence of this process the nucleic acids derived from the upper and lower strands of the original dsDNA are no longer complementary and the modified microbial sequences have reduced relative genomic complexity for use in detection and analysis of microorganisms 
Laser output including at least one laser pulse (32) having a wavelength greater than 1.1 µm and shorter than 5 µm (preferably at about 1.1 µm) and having a pulsewidth shorter than 100 ps (preferably shorter than 10 ps) permits low -k dielectric material, such as SRO or SiCOH, to be removed without damaging the substrate. 
An oscillator module (12) in cooperation with an amplification module (16) are used to generate the laser output 
A chelation structure and method of forming and using the chelation structure. 
The chelation structure has a backbone that includes a linear sequence of monomeric backbone units, at least one polymer side chain, and at least one chelator side chain. 
The side chains are each covalently coupled to the backbone at one of the monomeric backbone units by a bond that is independently biodegradable or non-biodegradable. 
The chelation structure is synthesized by Radical Addition Fragmentation Transfer (RAFT), Atom Transfer Radical Polymerization (ATRP), or Free Radical Polymerization (FRP). 
The chelation structure, individually or in combination with a shuttle chelator, may be introduced into a mammal to bind an amount of a substance in a mammal, the substance being at least one of a metal and heme. 
The chelation structure has a log stability constant exceeding that of the shuttle chelator for binding the substance within cells of the mammal 
The invention relates to a device at a tiltable yoke (2) having a load function and being detachably interconnectable with the forks (3) of a truck vehicle (4) or another vehicle provided with forks, the loading yoke (2) having a container-holder (5) pivot mounting (4) arranged at a distance from an end facing the vehicle-connection side. 
The pivot mounting (4) is situated in an elevated position as seen in relation to the vehicle's lifting forks and connecting part (7) of the yoke (2) herefor, and that the yoke (2) has such a centre of gravity that it is inside the ordinary lifting forks of the vehicle in the emptied as well as the filled state. 
According to the invention, the container holder (5) is formed of lateral gripping members (13, 14), bottom gripping members (15) and top gripping members (16). 
A container provided with feet and walls (17, 20) is arranged received between said lateral gripping members (13, 14), bottom gripping members (15) and top gripping members (16) and be retained during the tilting stage of said container by co-operation 
The invention relates to a circuit device for a braked motor (M) forming part of a lifting installation, whereby the circuit device comprises three supply voltage lines (R, S, T), contactors (Kl, K2 ) arranged in each supply voltage line, at least one frequency converter (F) and three output voltages (u, v, w) connected to the motor (M), whereby the contactors (Kl, K2 ) are connected in such a way that they can break the voltage to the frequency converter (F). 
A distinguishing feature of the circuit device according to the present invention is that for at least two of the supply voltage lines (R, S, T) to the frequency converter (F) the contactors (Kl, K2) are bypassed by at least one resistor (R) belonging to each supply voltage line (R, S, T), the resistors (R) taking the form of safety resistances 
A chemical heat pump includes a reactor part (1) that contains an active substance and an evaporator/condenser part (3) that contains that portion of volatile liquid that exists in a condensed state and can be absorbed by the active substance. 
A channel (4) interconnects the reactor part and the evaporator/condenser part, In at least the reactor part a matrix (13) is provided for the active substance so that the active substance both in its solid state and its liquid state or its solution phase is held or carried by or bonded to the matrix. 
The matrix is advantageously an inert material such as aluminium oxide and has pores, which are permeable for the volatile liquid and in which the active substance is located. 
In particular, a material can be used that has a surface or surfaces, at which the active substance can be bonded in the liquid state thereof. 
For example, the matrix can be a material comprising separate particles such as a powder or a compressed fibre material 
Burner for particulate fuel, above all pellets such as bio-pellets, comprising a chute (10) having a longitudinal axis (11), the chute having a generally horizontally oriented longitudinal axis and having an inner wall of an essentially cup-shapedly upwardly open cross-section shape, a feeding device (30-34) for feeding a bed (20) of the particulate matter in and along the chute (10), and a device (40) for supply of primary air to the bed (20) in the chute (10), characterized in that the primary air supply device (40) is arranged to, without contact, direct primary air from above toward the free top- side of the bed (20) in the chute 
The present invention relates to a method of preparing an immobilised metal ion affinity chromatography (IMAC) adsorbent, which comprises to provide chromatography ligands comprised of alkylene diamine triacetic acid, or a derivative thereof, and coupling thereof to a carrier via nitrogen. 
In an advantageous embodiment, the alkylene diamine triacetic acid is ethylene diaminetriacetic acid (ED3A). 
The invention further relates to a method of purifying proteins, peptides and/or polynucleotides, particularily histidine and/or cysteine containing proteins or peptides from an animal cell culture media 
A device and method for forming an end of a coiled spring. 
The device has a pair of horizontally disposed parallel rollers (8), a core (22), a stopper (20) installed adjacent to the peripheral surface of the core (22) and vertically moving and rotating integrally with the core (22), a clamping jig (24) installed so as to be approachable and separable from the core (22) and holding a half-finished spring (30) in cooperation with the core (22), and a pusher (12) for pushing the half-finished spring (30) toward the stopper (20). 
In the method, a big tail part is formed at one end of the half-finished spring (30) when the axis of the core (22) is positioned between the axis of the half-finished spring (30) and the axes of the parallel rollers (8). 
To make the big tail part, a clamping part (2) rotates the half-finished spring (30) in its coiling direction about the axis while holding the spring (30) inside a triangle formed by the axes of the parallel rollers (8) and the axis of the core (22) 
Provided are an automatic analyzer (1) having dispensing mechanisms (6, 7) and analyzing a reaction liquid where a body to be examined and a reagent that are dispensed by the dispensing mechanisms are made to react, and a method of determining a dispensing failure of the dispensing mechanisms. 
The dispensing mechanisms (6, 7) discharge a cleaning liquid to clean the dispensing nozzles (6b, 7b), which are connected to dispensing piping filled with the cleaning liquid, after a liquid sample containing the body to be examined or the reagent is dispensed by the dispensing nozzles (6b, 7b). 
The automatic analyzer (1) has sensors (74, 75) for detecting the amount of discharge of the cleaning liquid discharged from the dispensing nozzles and also has a determination and processing section (10b) for determining whether the cleaning liquid discharge amount detected by the sensor exceeds a predetermined value that is less than a preset discharge amount of the cleaning liquid and, if the amount is not more than the predetermined value, determines that there is a dispensing failure 
A work robot for executing a work for operating an object includes a robot body (1) for capturing an image including the object.During a teach mode, the captured image is correlated with an operation content taught by an operator and held. 
During a work mode, the captured image is acquired, an image similar to the acquired image is searched, and the object is operated according to the operation content correlated with the image captured in the past which has been found as a result of the search 
Disclosed is a tempered glass or the like which can be obtained through a short-time ion exchange treatment without requiring polishing. 
Specifically disclosed is a tempered glass characterized by being composed of a glass containing, in mass%, 60-80% of SiO<SUB>2</SUB>, 3-18% of Al<SUB>2</SUB>O<SUB>3</SUB>, 0-7% of B<SUB>2</SUB>O<SUB>3</SUB>, 0.01-10% of Li<SUB>2</SUB>O, 4-16% of Na<SUB>2</SUB>O, 0-15% of K<SUB>2</SUB>O and 0-5% of R'O (the amount of alkaline earth metal oxides in total), while having a molar ratio (Li<SUB>2</SUB>O + Al<SUB>2</SUB>O<SUB>3</SUB>)/(Na<SUB>2</SUB>O + K<SUB>2</SUB>O) within the range of 0.1-2. 
This tempered glass is also characterized by having a compression stress layer in the surface. 
This tempered glass can be obtained through the following procedure: a glass material prepared to have a certain glass composition is melted and then formed into a plate by an overflow downdraw glass forming method, and after that a compression stress layer is formed in the surface of the glass plate through an ion exchange treatment 
A solid electrolyte fuel cell comprises a solid electrolyte body having a fuel electrode contacting a fuel gas and an air electrode contacting air. 
A plurality of the solid electrolyte fuel cells are stacked to form a solid electrolyte fuel cell stack, in which the stacked body of the solid electrolyte fuel cells is pressed in the stacked direction and fixed by a fixing member inserted into a through-hole passing through the stacked body in the stacked direction. 
Inside the through-hole, there is equipped an inner gas channel for supplying the gas to the solid electrolyte fuel cell side or evacuating the gas from the solid electrolyte fuel cell side 
Provided is a wide-band VHF-pulse light oscillator comprising a light-amplification medium (1) for optically amplifying an incident light having a wide band or a plurality of bands, to perform a light energy conversion into an oscillating light to oscillate from an optical resonator, an energy injection element (2) either for injecting an energy into the light-amplification medium to generate a light energy or for injecting the light energy into the light-amplification medium, a negative dispersion element (4) for applying a negative dispersion to a pulse light or an oscillating light, a mode locker (9) for applying a mode synchronizing action to the pulse light, a positive dispersion element (11) for applying a positive dispersion to the pulse light, and an optical system having a looped optical path formed therein to return from the light-amplification medium through the negative dispersion element, the mode locker and the positive dispersion element to the light-amplification medium, so that the pulse light may circulate in at least one of forward and backward directions. 
As a result, the VHF-pulse light can be generated over a wide band and in a high efficiency 
Provided is an input device which has excellent operability by not requiring a finger to move away from a key during operation requiring the finger to shift and preventing the finger from touching a plurality of keys at the same time. 
A key (12) surrounding a selection key (18) is arranged. 
On a board (41), four metal domes (14) are arranged at positions corresponding to the four positions, i.e., upper, lower, right and left positions, of the key (12). 
A touch sensor (13) is arranged on an upper layer above the metal dome (14). 
The touch sensor (13) is brought into contact with a touch sensor presser (53), and an electrical value (for instance, a resistance value) is changed corresponding to shift of the finger on the key (12). 
When the key (12) is strongly pressed down, the top of the metal dome (14) is pressed into the side of the substrate (41) and electricity is carried between contacts (14a, 14b) 
Disclosed is an azo compound represented by the general formula (1) or a salt thereof: (1) wherein R1 and R2 independently represent a hydrogen atom, a lower alkyl group or a lower alkoxy group; and n represents 1 or 2. 
Also disclosed are a dye-containing polarizing film and a dye-containing polarizing plate, each of which comprises a polarizing film base material and the azo compound contained in the base material 
Disclosed is a stretch-molded container which can be produced by stretch-molding of a resin composition comprising poly-L-lactic acid (A) and poly-D-lactic acid (B) at a molar ratio (A:B) ranging from 95:5 to 60:40 and which has a thermal shrinkage of 5.0% or less as measured under heat treatment conditions of 65°C x 24 hours. 
The stretch-molded container has excellent heat resistance despite being produced from a polylactic acid 
A method and apparatus for transmitting a packet in a wireless communications network is presented. 
A packet is constructed to include synchronization header, a physical layer header, and a payload. 
A preamble and a start of frame delimiter is inserted in the synchronization header. 
Multiple pairs of cores and of suffixes are inserted in the start of frame delimiter, and then the packet is transmitted 
The present invention relates to improvements in security devices that can be used in varying shapes and sizes for various authenticating or security applications, particularly an optically variable security device utilising liquid crystal materials. 
The security device comprises a liquid crystal layer(ll), an at least partially absorbing layer(12) adjacent at least a part of one side of the liquid crystal layer (11), and at least one customising region (13) which is adjacent at least a part of an opposite side of the liquid crystal layer (11) to the absorbing layer (12) in selected regions. 
The at least one customising region (13) modifies the colour shifting properties of the liquid crystal layer (11) such that at least two contrasting optically variable regions are provided by the regions covered by the at least one customising region and regions not covered by the at least one customising region 
A glove is disclosed with electrodes (2, 4) located at the extremity of at least one digit, with at least one other electrode (14, 16) at another location. 
The electrodes are so located as to enable one to move into contact with another by a movement of a hand within the glove, to complete an electrical circuit and to generate an output signal. 
The other electrodes (14, 16) can be replaced by resistors (26, 28) which will exhibit an electrical resistance dependent upon the location on the resistor as which contact is made by the electrode (2, 4). 
The electrodes and resistors are preferably formed as integral parts of the glove structure 
There is provided a friction tool for use in a cosmetic method for the treatment of mammalian skin. 
The tool comprises a body defining a support having a planar support face; a friction pad provided to said support face, said friction pad defining a friction face. 
The friction pad comprises a lofty non- woven fibre material or both a compressible foam layer and a layer of friction- enhancing material defining said friction face. 
A cosmetic method, which can be performed using the tool is also described 
The present invention relates to a method of producing an ultrahydrophobic surface, the method comprising providing a mixture comprising low surface energy material and a sacrificial material, forming a layer from the mixture wherein the layer contains particles of the sacrificial material, treating the layer so as to destroy the particles of sacrificial material and generate a laterally continuous matrix of solid low surface energy material containing an array of depressions 
The present invention relates to improvements in forming security devices on substrates that can be used in varying shapes and sizes for various authenticating or security applications, particularly an optically variable security device utilising liquid crystal materials. 
The invention comprises a method of forming a customisable security device, comprising the steps of forming on a base substrate a liquid crystal layer, an at least partially absorbing layer overlapping with at least a part of one side of the liquid crystal layer, and at least one customising region overlapping at least a part of an opposite side of the liquid crystal layer in selected regions. 
The customising region modifies the appearance of the liquid crystal layer such that contrasting regions are provided between those regions covered by the customising region and those not covered by the customising region, and the customising region is applied after application of the security device to the substrate 
The invention provides a method of modulating Wnt signalling comprising modulating Trabid activity. 
Preferably modulating Trabid activity comprises inhibiting; Trabid activity. 
The invention also provides a method of reducing TCF transcription, said method comprising reducing Trabid activity. 
A method for identifying a-modulator of Trabid said method comprising; providing a Trabid substrate comprising a detectable moiety coupled to a tag moiety by ubiquitin; immobilising first and second portions of said substrate; adding a candidate modulator to the first said portion; contacting first and second portions with Trabid; incubating to allow Trabid action, assaying cleavage of ubiquitin by separation of tag from detectable moiety, wherein separation of an amount of detectable moiety from said first portion which is different from the amount of detectable moiety separated from said second portion identifies said candidate as a modulator of Trabid. 
The invention provides uses of Trabid and of Trabid inhibitors as-medicaments 
In order for an implant comprising at least one opening defining an opening direction for receiving an attachment element for fixing the implant on the body of a human or animal, wherein the implant contains at least one fixing element which is arranged on the implant and at least partially projects from the at least one opening in such a way that a free cross sectional surface of the at least one opening is at least partially reduced in size by means of the at least one fixing element, to be improved in such a way that it is easier to construct while still retaining the same functionality, it is proposed that the at least one fixing element is arranged on the implant without completely surrounding the at least one opening 
The main idea of the inventive method and system (SYS) is the advantageous combination of mobile information services with a system (TTS) for conversion of text into speech and with push-to-talk over cellular, wherein the information is provided to the user (Tlnl, Tln2, Tln3, TLn4) at the mobile terminal in the form of a voice message (sINF) 
The invention relates to a device (1) for measuring the width (B) and/or the position of a metal strip (2) or a slab, which has at least two measuring systems (3, 4), with each located on a side (5, 6) of the metal strip (2) or the slab, wherein each measuring system (3, 4) has a sensor (7) designed to detect the lateral end (8, 9) of the metal strip (2). 
To make the measuring device robust and to enable dynamic measurement, according to the invention the sensor (7) is located on a moving element (10) with which it can be moved in a straight line in a direction (Q) at right angles to the longitudinal direction (L) of the metal strip (2) 
The present invention relates to pigments comprising or consisting of a layer made of a material with an index of refraction that is higher than the index of refraction of the adjacent material by at least 0.25; whereas said layer has a zero-order diffractive micro-structure; whereas said layer acts as an optical waveguide and whereas said layer has a thickness between 50nm and 500nm; to processes for its manufacture and to its use. 
These pigments show a colour effect upon rotation and/or tilting, and it is believed that this colour effect is based on zero-order diffraction. 
Biotherapeutic compositions of a non-pathogenic bacterial strain such as M-17 and its substrains and an anaerobic bacterial antibiotic such as metronidazole, are disclosed. 
Further disclosed are uses of M-17 or its substrains and an anaerobic bacterial antibiotic for treating disorders caused by anaerobic bacteria, whereby such disorders include, for example, pouchitis, microbial infection, irritable bowel syndrome, inflammatory bowel disease, mucous colitis and diarrhea 
Method for the production of photovoltaic modules from mono- or multi-crystalline silicon wafers and from wafers produced by ribbon silicon methods, whereby prior to said production each silicon wafer is affixed to a carrier by the use of vacuum, an adhesive or a frame. 
The wafers remain affixed to their respective carriers during the necessary processing steps, where-after the wafers are loosened from their carriers and placed onto glass sheets upon fÊnalization of the last production step. 
The present invention according to a first aspect relates to a method for distributing beneficial arthropods, for example in a crop. 
In the method according to the invention the arthropods are distributed by means of blowing. 
According to a further aspect the invention relates to a device for distributing beneficial arthropods. Such a device is suitable for performing the method according to the invention 
Disclosed is an inhibitor of cerebral vasospasm, which is effective on cerebral vasospasm occurring after subarachnoid hemorrhage and has few adverse side-effects. 
The inhibitor comprises an anti-HMGB1 monoclonal antibody as an active ingredient 
A biphasic pulse delivery circuit for a defibrillator includes two capacitors, a first one of which is charged and delivers the first phase of the biphasic pulse and a second one of which is charged and delivers the second phase of the biphasic pulse. 
At least a portion of the charge on the second capacitor is provided by the current flow through the patient during delivery of the first pulse phase. 
Switches are provided for initiating the first phase, initiating the second phase, and terminating the second phase. 
In an illustrated circuit a shunt circuit path is provided to at least partially charge the second capacitor from the first capacitor prior to delivery of the second phase of the biphasic pulse. 
The inventive circuit can be controlled entirely with switching devices that only need to be closed during pulse delivery 
The invention concerns a motor vehicle instrument panel cross-member (1) comprising a beam (2) extending substantially along a longitudinal direction and means (4) for fixing the beam (2) on the vehicle structure including at least one plate (6) provided with a fixing orifice (8). 
The plate (6) is integral with the beam (2) 
A shredder device, in particular for agricultural machines, comprises a bearing structure (2), able to be stably associated with a drive machine (M) and defining, in cooperation with the ground, a cutting chamber (C), at least a rotor (5) rotatable around an axis of rotation (X), assembled on said bearing structure (2) and housed inside said cutting chamber (C), a plurality of blades (6), supported on said at least one rotor (5) and extending away from the axis of rotation (X) of said rotor (5) to intercept and shred material deposited on the ground. 
Each of said blades (6) is rigidly constrained and in a stable position on said rotor (5). 
The shredding action is improved thanks to the use of counter-blades (10), assembled in a fixed position on said bearing structure (2) and each one operatively associated with a respective blade (6) so as to generate a scissor-like shredding action on the material to be shredded 
The invention relates to a method for the continuous production of ethylene copolymers by radical copolymerization of ethylene and at least one comonomer in a cascade of at least two reactors. 
The method according to the invention is characterized by metering, after the first reactor, one or more initiators to the reaction mixture 
Clutch release bearing in contact with spring tongues (2, 3, 4) of a cup spring via a check plate (10, 24), wherein fins distributed on the periphery of the check plate positively engage in slits (7, 23) in the spring tongues (2, 3, 4) on the periphery directly adjacent to one another, wherein a motion clearance is provided between each fin (8, 25) positively engaging in one of the slits (7, 23) and at least one of the spring tongues (2, 3, 4) on the periphery opposite one another (7, 23), at least in the peripheral direction, by which the fin (8, 25) has limited mobility in the slit (7, 23) between the spring tongues (2, 3, 4) opposite one another 
A non-aqueous inkjet ink comprising a diketopyrrolo-pyrrole pigment and at least one polyalkyleneglycol dialkylether having a molecular weight of at least 250. 
A method for manufacturing decorative laminates is also disclosed 
The system according to the invention for producing cement clinkers from raw cement mix is composed substantially of a pre-warmer for pre-warming the raw cement mix, a calcination device for pre-calcining the pre-warmed raw cement mix, a sintering kiln for firing the pre-calcined raw cement mix to form cement clinkers, and a cooler for cooling the fired cement clinker. 
Additionally provided between the cooler and the calcination device is a tertiary air line via which tertiary air is supplied to the calcination device. 
The calcination device is additionally traversed by the waste gases of the sintering kiln and has a calcining nozzle in its inlet region. 
Also provided are means for setting the cross section of the calcining nozzle, which means are formed by at least one element which is arranged in a rotatable or pivotable fashion in order to set the cross section and which is exposed to the waste gases of the sintering kiln 
The present invention relates to a lower cutter (4) for a shaving head, equipped with an upper cutter (7), of an electric razor, comprising at least one blade (10) which has a cutting edge (11) pointing in a direction of movement. 
The invention also relates to a shaving head having such a lower cutter and to an electric razor equipped with it. 
It is proposed to no longer give the cutting edge the conventional wedge-shaped configuration in which simply two planes inclined at an acute angle define the cutting edge contour. 
According to the invention, the cutting edge has, one behind the other in the direction of movement (16), at least two cutting edge sections (18,19) having different cutting angles. 
By means of a cutting angle graduation or a changing cutting angle, an optimum compromise can be achieved between the conflicting requirements of cutting behaviour and edge stability. 
The cutting edge section having the more obtuse or less acute cutting angle produces the desired cutting edge stability and at the same time provides for a long service life. 
On the other hand, the cutting edge sections having the more acute angle reduce the cutting forces, such that an improved threading behaviour can be achieved 
The invention relates to an assembly on a motor vehicle for connecting an outer bearing ring (11) of a rolling bearing and a wheel support (1) which is formed by two cup-shaped molded sheet metal parts (2, 3) that can be fixedly connected so as to form a hollow profiled element. 
Each of the molded sheet metal parts (2, 3) is provided with a circular hole (5, 6) that is coaxial with the axis of rotation (4) of the rolling bearing, said holes (5, 6) being spaced apart from one another. 
The space between the holes (5, 6) is occupied by a spacing ring (7) which is axially supported on the inner edges (8, 9) of the molded sheet metal parts (2, 3), said edges defining the two circular holes (5, 6), in such a way that a tubular bearing receptacle (10) for the outer bearing ring (11) of the rolling bearing is formed and the molded sheet metal parts (2, 3) are fixedly connected to the spacing ring (7) and the outer bearing ring (11) of the rolling bearing in a positive and frictionally engaged manner 
Disclosed is a connector for drill pipes, which can be integrally connected, especially welded, to a longitudinal end of a drill pipe (B). 
Said connector (10) comprises a substantially cylindrical member (1) that is provided with a central through-bore (5). A connecting section (2) for a correspondingly embodied connecting section of a second connector is configured at one longitudinal end of said substantially cylindrical member (1) while the second longitudinal end of the member (1) is equipped with a coupling part (7) that is to be positively connected to a longitudinal end of a drill pipe (B). 
The coupling part (7) is embodied in an insertion section (3) of the member (1) which faces away from the connecting section (2) and in which the central through-bore (5) continues, the coupling part (7) radially protruding from the insertion section (3). 
The central through-bore (5) is fitted with a drilling section (6) that is flared towards the free end of the insertion section (3) adjacent to a cylindrical drilling section 
Various embodiments are described to address the need for providing wireless backhaul that may reduce operator startup costs while avoiding some of the drawbacks present in the prior art approaches. 
Generally expressed, the wireless network equipment (WNE) (121) of a collector cell provides access to a backhaul network (151) to one or more neighboring cells (122) via in-band wireless signaling. 
Given the frequency bands used by the collector cell WNE for communication with remote units, one portion of each band used for user traffic while another portion of each band is used for backhaul traffic. 
Having backhaul and user traffic share the assigned frequency bands can eliminate the need to license additional bands for wireless backhaul. 
Moreover, utilizing a portion of the existing, in-band orthogonal channels may be more spectrally efficient than using a separate radio in the same band 
A wireless local area network (WLAN) control system includes network elements, such as access points (10, 20, 30) and clients (14, 24, 34), and a centralized dynamic performance management system (40). 
The network elements (10, 20, 30, 14, 24, 34) measure signal attenuation in communications with other WLAN network elements (10, 20, 30, 14, 24, 34). 
The dynamic performance management system (40) receives signal attenuation data from the network elements (10, 20, 30, 14, 24, 34), and determines a frequency and/or transmission power level for each of the network elements (10, 20, 30, 14, 24, 34) to reduce interference with the other WLAN network elements. 
The dynamic performance management system (40) also transmits instructions to each network element (10, 20, 30, 14, 24, 34) to control the frequency and/or transmission power level of the network elements (10, 20, 30, 14, 24, 34) 
An adjustable mounting bracket for secure adhesive mounting onto an exposed edge of a substrate, wherein the mounting bracket is adapted for subsequently supporting a selected structure such as tubing, wire bundles, etc., relative to the substrate. 
The mounting bracket includes slidably interfitting, generally L-shaped bracket members which cooperatively define a slidably overlying pair of mounting plates and an associated pair of slidably separable clamp jaw plates having inboard faces carrying a selected bonding agent and adapted to seat firmly against opposed substrate edge surfaces. 
A resilient fixture pin is carried by the mounting plates and can be actuated to apply a positive force urging the clamp jaw plates against the opposed surfaces of the substrate edge of the duration of a bonding agent cure time, after which the fixture pin can be forcibly removed from the mounting bracket 
Alloy compositions and techniques for reducing IMC thickness and oxidation of metals and alloys are disclosed. 
In one particular exemplary embodiment, the alloy compositions may be realized as a composition of alloy or mixture consisting essentially of from about 90% to about 99.999% by weight indium and from about 0.001% to about 10% by weight germanium and unavoidable impurities. 
In another particular exemplary embodiment, the alloy compositions may be realized as a composition of alloy consisting essentially of from about 90% to about 99.999% by weight gallium and from about 0.001% to about 10% by weight germanium and unavoidable impurities 
A method of assembling a metal shore post of a concrete forming assembly is disclosed. 
An outer telescoping tube is provided that has a main section with a first inside diameter and top portion with a section having a second inside diameter reduced relative to the first inside diameter of the outer tube. 
An inner telescoping tube is inserted for telescopic movement inside the outer tube. 
After assembly, a pair of pistons are inserted through access holes in the outer tube to provide a crushing force to the inner tube deforming it to create a region of increased diameter that is greater than that of the reduced diameter section but not so large as to prevent telescopic movement of the inner tube inside the outer tube. 
The increased dimension region thereby prevents accidental separation of the inner tube from the assembly 
A speed control system for controlling vehicle speed of one or more vehicles in a personal rapid transit system when said one or more vehicles travel along a track, the personal rapid transit system including a vehicle propulsion system including one or more motors, each motor being adapted to generate a thrust for propelling one of the one or more vehicles. 
The speed control system comprises: a speed regulation subsystem adapted to control the thrust generated by at least one of said motors based on one or more sensor signals received from vehicle position and/or speed sensors, so as to control the speed of the one or more vehicles; and a vehicle control system included in each of said one or more vehicles and adapted to activate, independently from the speed regulation subsystem, an emergency brake mounted on said vehicle 
A tub (100) for a washing machine, and a washing machine comprising the same are disclosed. 
The tub (100) is formed through injection molding with a bearing housing (200) inserted therein, and a washing machine comprises the same. 
Here, the bearing housing (200) comprises a bearing support (201 ) to receive bearings, and a flange (210) extended radially from the bearing support (201 ) and having radial ribs (230) 
The present invention relates to a method for preparing a hone graft substitute using bovine bone, and more particularly to a method for preparing a safe bone graft substitute which does not have the risk of infection with bovine spongiform encephalopathy, the method comprising treating bovine bone with sodium hypochlorite and treating the treated bone at a high temperature of more than 600 °C. The bone graft substitute does not cause an immune response, because it is prepared by effectively removing lipids and organic substances from bovine bone having a structure very similar to that of the human bone. 
Also, it has excellent osteoconductivity, and is free of prion, and thus it does not have the risk of infection with bovine spongiform encephalopathy. 
According to the disclosed invention, the bone graft substitute having such advantages can be prepared in a simple manner 
It is intended to provide a high secretion production means for a protein, particularly a protein whose structure is complicated such as an antibody in a host cell such as yeast. 
According to the invention, a transformed yeast having an activated HAC1 gene and RRBP1 gene and a high secretion production method of an exogenous protein in which the transformed host cell is used and an O-type sugar chain specific to a host cell such as yeast is suppressed are provided 
The present invention relates to the moulding of plastics and composite plastics profiles for use in the building and construction industry comprising a moulding device (2) into which is fed a plasticized plastics or plastics composite material the device (2), having a least one oscillating moulding surface (8) which acts to shape a profile from extruded plastics and walk said forming profile through the moulding device (2) in a continuous manner. 
The moulding device (2) may have integral cooling means (14), which extracts heat from the forming profile in order to set the profile 
A composition comprising an ink and an infrared-absorbing material wherein said infrared- absorbing material comprises a metal, a metal salt, a metal oxide or metal nitride is described. 
Also described is an article comprising a substrate having imaged thereon an infrared- absorbing material to form a security image; and a method of manufacture of such an article said method comprising image-wise applying substrate a composition comprising an infrared-absorbing material 
An acoustic wave transducer substrate is provided, the substrate having a surface with a plurality of growth promotion sites for promoting the accumulation of polypeptide molecules at said sites. 
The growth-promotion sites are preferably for promoting fibril formation. 
The invention also provides a method of screening a candidate compound for an effect on fibril growth, including the steps of: providing an acoustic wave transducer substrate having a surface with a plurality of growth promotion sites for promoting the accumulation of polypeptide molecules at said sites; causing oscillation of the substrate; contacting the substrate surface with a sample fluid comprising polypeptide molecules and a candidate compound; and measuring one or more parameters of the substrate oscillation to monitor the accumulation of said polypeptide molecules of interest in the presence and absence of said candidate compound. 
Alteration of the accumulation of said polypeptide molecules of interest in the presence of said candidate compound as compared with that in the absence of said candidate compound indicates that the candidate compound has an effect of fibril growth. 
The invention relates to a mobile telephony device, comprising a mobile telephone body (10) and a flexible structure (18) removable from the body (10), making it possible to customise the appearance of a portion of the outer surface of the body (10), the flexible structure comprising fastening components cooperating with additional components integrated in the mobile telephone body (10), the flexible structure comprising a battery access hatch cover (32). 
The invention enables the customisation of mobile telephones by means of a simple and quick change of the flexible structure, and the use of noble materials such as leather 
This invention is for a ventilation outlet (1) which is self-adjusting with multiple flow rates presenting a passageway for the ventilation air and equipped with an adjustable flap (6) and comprising a control flap (7) with one face (10) meant to channel air entering and presenting, on the one hand, a connecting edge (11) equipped with an attachment means (12) making it possible to attach the control flap around an axis for a given position and, on the other hand, an opposite edge constituting a trailing edge (14) which features, from the connecting edge to the trailing edge, gradual successive flat layers making up the control flap (16 to 19) given the latter flap a clearly convex shape 
The subject matter of the invention relates to a support device (1) for a personal navigation system portable apparatus (100), for mounting said apparatus in the passenger compartment of a vehicle, which device comprises means (2b) for guiding the apparatus, means (3) for locking the apparatus once it has been mounted on the support device, means (4) for releasing the apparatus and means (5, 6) for removing the apparatus by automatically releasing the apparatus. 
The means for removing the apparatus advantageously comprise a drawer (5) movable between a position in which the apparatus is locked and a position in which the apparatus can be removed, and provided with a first abutment (6) enabling the removal of the apparatus 
The method for operating a hearing device (1) having an adjustable transfer function (G) comprising M sub-functions (gl...gM), wherein M is an integer with M = 1, and wherein said transfer function (G) describes how input audio signals (Sl) generated by an input transducer unit (2) of said hearing device (1) relate to output audio signals (S2) to be fed to an output transducer unit (5) of said hearing device (1), comprises the steps of : - deriving said input audio signals (Sl) from a current acoustic environment; and for each of said M sub-functions (gl, ..., gM) : - deriving, on the basis of said input audio signals (Sl) and for each class of N classes (Cl, ..., CN) each of which describes a predetermined acoustic environment, a class similarity factor (pl; ...; pN) indicative of the similarity of said current acoustic environment with the predetermined acoustic environment described by the respective class, wherein N is an integer with N = 2; - deriving from N predetermined base parameter sets (B1/1, ..., B1/N; ...; BM/1, ..., BM/N) assigned to the respective sub-function (gl;...;gM) and in dependence of said class similarity factors (pl, ..., pN) an activity parameter set (al; ...; aM) for the respective sub-function (gl; ...; gM), wherein each of said N base parameter sets (Bl/1, ..., Bl/N; ...; BM/1, ..., BM/N) assigned to the respective sub-function (gl; ...; gM) is assigned to a different class (C1; ...; CN) of said N classes (Cl, ..., CN) ; - adjusting the respective sub-function (gl; ...; gM) by means of said activity parameter set (al; ...; aM). 
It is suggested to use a time-averaged activity parameter set (al*). 
An improved adaptation of the hearing device to a current acoustic environment can be achieved 
A pharmaceutical combination comprising an mTOR inhibitor and a Raf kinase inhibitor and its use 
Method for metering polar, antistatically acting process auxiliaries into a polymerization reactor in which the process auxiliaries are present in solution in a nonpolar solvent, wherein the electrical conductivity of the solution is measured and the amount of the process auxiliary metered in is determined from the electrical conductivity 
A material feeder of a large size planetary ball mill includes a hopper, a feeding frame with several top corners, and a grinding barrel. 
A material guiding pipe is provided on each top corner of the feeding frame and outside the discharge hole; a rotating shaft is horizontally provided inside the material guiding pipe and the feeding frame with one end supported on the feeding frame via a bearing and the other end located outside the discharge port of the material guiding pipe. 
The other end of the rotating shaft is connected to a spiral rack provided in the grinding barrel, and some spiral vanes are provided on the part of the rotating shaft inside the feeding frame. 
Under the driving of the spiral vanes, the material is fed first to the material guiding pipe, which does not have spiral vanes, and then to the grinding barrel homogeneously 
A large size continuous feeding/discharging type planetary ball mill includes a main shaft, a central gear, an idle gear, a revolution plate, a grinding barrel gear and a grinding barrel. 
The ratio between the effective inner diameter D<SUB>1</SUB> of the grinding barrel and the distance R<SUB>0</SUB> between the central axis of the grinding barrel and the axis of the main shaft is 1 to 0.8-1.2, and the ratio between the teeth number z<SUB>1 </SUB>of the grinding barrel gear and the teeth number z<SUB>2</SUB> of the central gear is 1 to 0.8-1.2 
The Fantasy Furniture device is disclosed. 
The device is five three dimensional geometric shapes (1,2,3,4,5) which can be arranged by a user into any one of an infinite sequence (6,7,8,9,10) depending on preference 
The invention relates to an arrangement and an attachment for quality control of test objects (19) with a camera, whereby the camera (2) and the detection position (9) are arranged on a common central plane (14). 
On that side of the detection position (9) which is remote from the camera (2), two lower mirror surfaces (6a, 6b) are arranged on both sides of the central plane (14), which mirror surfaces direct light emerging from the surface of the test object (19) into the camera (2), and, on that side of the detection position (9) which is near the camera (2), two upper mirror surfaces (5a, 5b) are arranged on both sides of the central plane (14), which mirror surfaces direct upper light emerging from the surface of the test object (19) into the camera (2) 
Described are methods and systems for treating a patient to modify a body passage of the patient. 
The methods may involve removing tissue from a luminal surface of a body passage such as the esophagus or stomach, for the purpose of inducing a healing response that will result in a reshaping of the body passage 
Apparatus, systems, and methods are described for closing the base of a left atrial appendage or other tissue structure. 
A tissue closure device comprises a pair of legs having compliant surfaces for engaging against opposite sides of the tissue structure. 
A plurality of axially spaced-apart tissue-penetrating fasteners are delivered from one leg to the other to pierce the intervening tissue and hold the closure device in place on the tissue structure 
A perianal support device is provided that is configured to inhibit the formation and/or progression of tissue damage in the perianal region of the body. 
A method is provided to apply the perianal support device to patients during childbirth to inhibit the formation and/or progression of tissue damage in the perianal region of the body 
An adapter for coupling a wired device to either a wired host or a wireless host. 
The wired device may be a USB device, the wired host may be a USB host, and the wireless host may be a WUSB host. 
The adapter may optionally include a battery 
A device (10) for use in connection with training a dog (40) to retrieve a ball (38) that allows the user (36) to repeatedly launch the ball (38) with a reduced amount of effort while also eliminating the need for the user (36) to physically touch the ball (38). 
The device (10) includes a ball receiving portion (16) and a handle (20) that extends outwardly therefrom. 
The handle (20) includes an integrated treat storage compartment (22) and a dispenser (32) configured to deposit treats (30) onto the ball receiving portion (16). 
The user (36) launches the ball (38) and then dispenses a treat (30) onto the ball receiving portion (16) so that upon returning with the ball (38), the dog (40) can deposit the ball (38) onto the ball receiving portion (16) in exchange for the treat (30) 
An optimized Fischer-Tropsch process utilizing a diluted synthesis and one or more Fischer-Tropsch reactors having an overall CO conversion of at least 90% 
Certain embodiments of the present invention [500] provide for a method for data communication including determining protocol information for a block of data [530], prioritizing the block of data [530], and communicating the block of data [540]. 
The prioritization may include information used by a protocol to communicate a block of data. 
The prioritization may be based at least on the protocol information. 
The communication may be based at least in part on the prioritization of the block of data 
A prosthetic nucleus replacement comprises modules about 10-13 mm in width of various heights that can be placed via a posterior approach and assembled intradiscalor intervertebral 
In order to remove snow or ice from an exposed constructional element (1) by means of electric current in a heat emission equipment (3), the supply of power is controlled by way of a controller (13) operating based on physical parameter values as measured by sensors (4, 14, 15, 17, 18, 19) at the constructional element (1) and based on historical data relating to snow and ice conditions. 
The input data are the effective surface temperature of the constructional element (1) as well as the amount of snow/ice on the constructional element (1), air temperature, wind velocity, precipitation, velocity of the constructional element (1), and vibrations thereof. 
These input data are compared to stored historical data in the controller (13). 
The controller (13) then calculates, using stored algorithms, whether the supply of power is necessary, and in that case also the necessary amperage and frequency values, the frequency affecting a time constant of change in the surface temperature of the constructional element. 
The controller then provides a start or stop signal as well as an output control signal to power supply equipment (11), and the controller then updates its historical data with new data. 
Preferably, the invention is used on the blades of a wind turbine 
A drilling rig device (7) situated on or near the seabed (8), where the drilling rig (7) is provided with a coiled tubing drum (11) and a feeder device (12) arranged to move coiled tubing (13) into and out of a borehole (30) 
The present invention relates to a method for improving an organism through the profiling of flux sum of metabolites, and more particularly to a method for screening key metabolites, the method comprises: plotting a profile between objective functions based on useful substance formation rate as a main function through an algorithm perturbing other functions influencing the production of useful substance; determining the utilization (flux sum (F )) of all metabolites from the profile; and screening key metabolites, which show an increase in flux sum (F ) with an increase in useful substance formation rate. 
The present invention also relates to a method for improving an organism producing a useful substance, the method comprises introducing and/or amplifying genes associated with the screened key metabolites or introducing the genes from the outside into the organism. 
According to the disclosed invention, the metabolic utilization (flux sum; F) of specific metabolites according to an increase in useful substance formation rate can be predicted, so that key metabolites in increasing the production of a useful substance can be screened. 
Also, it is possible to increase the production of a useful substance through the method of improving a target organism by introducing and/or amplifying genes associated with the screened metabolites or through the method of supplying the metabolites during the culture of the organism 
An image processor for an endoscope comprises an image processing section for processing a signal picked up by an imaging element mounted in the endoscope to generate an image signal for observing as an endoscope image, a gray scale correction circuit section for correcting the gray scale of the image signal, and a switching section for switching the observation mode or the type of the endoscope image. 
The gray scale correction circuit section alters the correction characteristics of gray scale depending on the observation mode or the type 
Provided is a structure for attaching a RFID tag, which is arranged to be easily detected by an external RFID reader and does not permit a RFID tag to break in the normal specifications. 
A method for detecting the RFID tag is also provided. 
The structure is provided for attaching the RFID tag to a hollow cylindrical metal body. 
The RFID tag attaching structure is characterized in that the RFID tag is attached inside the hollow cylindrical metal body with a spacer between the tag and the metal surface, by permitting the direction wherein the electric field of the RFID tag is generated to be in a direction along the circumference of the hollow cylindrical metal body 
A substrate processing apparatus is provided with a process chamber for storing a plurality of substrates in a state where the substrates are stacked in a vertical direction; a gas supply system for supplying a process gas into the process chamber; an exhaust system for exhausting the atmosphere in the process chamber; at least a pair of electrodes constituted of a flexible member extended in the stacking direction of the substrates in order to have the process gas in an active state; and a protecting pipe for storing the electrodes. 
In the protecting pipe, a bending section is arranged in a region above the topmost substrate position, and the leading ends of the electrodes are positioned on the leading end side of the protecting pipe over the bending section 
[PROBLEMS TO BE SOLVED] In a conventional group management system, a problem is that, when abnormalities are analyzed after detection, time sequential information cannot be taken or displayed for every device of semiconductor manufacturing devices, and the like. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING THE PROBLEMS] Data measured in a plurality of semiconductor manufacturing devices are time sequential information. 
The measured data have device identifiers for identifying the semiconductor manufacturing devices and time information, and a plurality of the measured data are stored. 
When abnormality is analyzed after detection, a chart output instruction including the device identifiers is received, and a plurality of the measured data having not less than one device identifier contained in the output instruction are read out. 
Charts in such a way that measured data are visually distinguishable for every device identifier are composed of the read out measured data. 
A server device that outputs the composed chart can take out the time sequential information for every device of the semiconductor manufacturing device, etc., and display the same 
An infrared image pickup means (3) outputs two infrared images with different view points while a visible ray image pickup means (5) outputs two visible ray images with different view points. 
A distance calculating means (7) calculates a distance between the infrared image pickup means or the visible ray image pickup means and an object (8) in accordance with the two infrared images or the two visible ray images. 
An image selecting means (6) for finding a range selects whether the distance is calculated by the two infrared images or the two visible ray images based on at least one of the two infrared images or at least one of the two visible ray images. 
When the distance is calculated, either the two infrared images or the two visible ray images are selected in light of situations, so that accurate range finding can be calculated in accordance with the situations 
A raised, supporting facing structure (1) for covering floors, walls and the like (P, V, T) formed by a series of spacer pedestals (2) appropriately distributed on the front on the flat structural element to be faced (P, V, T), and by a series of structural transparent or semi transparent material panels (3) restingly arranged on the spacer pedestals (2) with the side edges arranged side by side so as to form a covering surface (C) extending parallelly to the face of the flat structural element to be faced (P, V, T) , at a predetermined distance from the latter; the facing structure (1) being further provided with a series of distributed light emission, planar development back lighting lamps (12), each of which is fixed onto the pedestals (2) underneath a corresponding panel (3) and is structured so as to project an essentially uniform light beam towards the panel (3) above 
The present invention generally relates to the use of small particles, such as micro particles or nanoparticles, to produce a therapeutic scar such as "trans-mural" scarring or other desired "deep tissue" scarring. 
In one preferred embodiment, these particles can be delivered to a target location by an implant. 
More specifically, these particles can be incorporated into the structure of implants or into the coatings on implants. 
In another preferred embodiment, these small particles can be delivered directly with a catheter by electrophoresis or hydraulic pressure 
An optical unit of an optical device for scanning an optical storage medium comprises a grating. 
The grating is mounted in a grating holder. 
The grating holder is supported by a grating holder bracket. 
The grating holder is rotatable with respect to the grating holder bracket. 
The grating holder bracket is translatable with respect to the optical base frame. 
Thus, the grating is translatable and rotatable with respect to the optical base allowing accurate alignment of the grating with respect to the beam of radiation and allowing to reduce space in the optical unit reserved for adjustments which are required due to manufacture tolerances 
The invention relates to a device and a method for reinforcing a blister. 
The device according to the invention comprises transport means (24) for transporting the blister (10), centering means (23) which bring the blister (10) into a defined position at an angle to the direction of movement (34) of the transport means (24), means (21) for applying an adhesive (11) to the blister (10) and/or a card (14), said card (14) having at least one recess (15) which is matched to the geometry of a cup (12) of the blister (10), and at least one insertion device (25, 27) that places the card (14) on the blister (10) 
A method of controlling or preventing pathogenic damage or pest damage in a plant propagation material, a plant, part of a plant and/or plant organ that grow at a later point in time, which comprises applying on the plant propagation material the combination comprising (I) flutriafol and (II) one or more pesticides selected from difenoconazole, azoxystrobin, cyproconazole, fluoxastrobin, trifloxystrobin, metalaxyl, metalaxyl-M (mefenoxam), fluquinconazole, fenarimol, nuarimol, pyrifenox, prothioconazole, tebuconazole, triadimenol, benalaxyl, benalaxyl-M, benomyl, carbendazim, carboxin, flutolanil, fuberizadole, guazatine, ipconazole, iprodione, pencycuron, propamocarb, silthiofam, thiram, triazoxide, a manganese compound (such as mancozeb, maneb), tefluthrin, bifenthrin, fipronil, lambda-cyhalothrin, imidacloprid, abamectin, a compound a and a compound I, in any desired sequence or simultaneously 
In a first step step, the relevant body measurements of a wearer of the dynamic orthesis (1) are determined and said dynamic orthesis (1) is produced from a predefineable compression factor. Subsequently, the dynamic orthesis (1) is adapted to the wearer such that said dynamic orthesis (1) exerts a predefineable compression on the body parts of the wearer covered by the dynamic orthesis (1), the respectively used compression factor for different body parts being defined differently for producing the dynamic orthesis (1). 
The compression factor reduces when the diameter of body parts covered by the dynamic orthesis (1) increases or the size of the covered muscle or muscle groups increases. 
Said compression factor in the trunk area (5) between the pelvis and the lower costal arch of the wearer is smaller than in the adjacent regions (6) of the dynamic orthesis (1). 
Said compression factor is predefined differently according to the respiratory frequency and the respiratory volume, according to the diagnosis and the clinical characteristics and according to the stretchability of the used material 
Fuel cell comprising: (a) an anode; (b) a cathode; (c) a polymer electrolyte membrane comprising at least one polyolefin, said polyolefin being obtained by- grafting side chains containing proton conductive functional groups onto a polyolefin having a crystallinity of from 41% to 48%, preferably of from 42% to 46%. 
According to one preferred embodiment, said fuel cell is a direct methanol fuel cell (DMFC) 
Proposed is an electrically driven rotary piston machine which operates as a rotary piston pump or rotary piston compressor, having a base housing (1) which holds an electric coil (2) and a pump head (3), wherein the pump working space is preferably delimited by a trochoidal toothing of the rotors (15, 17). 
According to the invention, the pump head (3), which can usually be produced relatively cost-effectively, is designed as a disposable part and therefore has a quick-action connection (7, 10, 11, 12, 14) to the more expensive base housing (1) 
The invention relates to a friction clutch (1) having a housing (12) and having a pressure plate (2) which is connected to said housing (12) in a rotationally fixed manner but so as to be axially moveable to a limited extent, with a pivotable lever element (3) being provided between the housing and the pressure plate, by means of which pivotable lever element (3) the pressure plate can be actuated in order to engage and disengage the friction clutch, wherein an annular component (19) is operatively connected to the lever element in such a way that said annular component (19) can, as a result of pivoting of the lever element, undergo a radial expansion and diminution 
A method and apparatus for displaying, adjusting, analyzing the path performance. 
A method for displaying path performance includes steps: sending the query request, acquiring the performance data and plotting the graph of the path performance data. 
A path performance data display apparatus includes: a module for receiving the query request, a module for acquiring the performance, and a module for plotting the graph. 
The technique scheme of present invention provides a set of graphics management function for the path performance management of the transmission network administration as well as implementing method thereof, the adjusting operation is convenient and high efficiency, the analyzing function has high reference value for the network maintenance field 
A method for acquiring the connecting relationship between network elements comprises: a first network element sends to the second unit the basic connecting information between itself and the second network element, and the specific connecting information of the first network element corresponded to basic connecting information; the said second network element receives the basic connecting information and the specific connecting information of the first network from the first network element, and combines itself with the specific connecting information of the second network corresponded to the basic connecting information, then generates the connecting relationship with the said first network element. 
A system and network element for acquiring the connecting relationship between network elements are also disclosed. 
The method, system and network element provided in the present invention can improve the work efficiency and correctness rate of acquiring the connecting relationship between network elements remarkably, and can represent an obvious universality and openness in practical use 
A magnetic resonance device is disclosed which is suitable for integration on a single chip. 
The device integrates oscillators for frequency generation, excitation/detection coils and a detector in a manner that allows for production on a single chip by a standard CMOS process. 
In one embodiment, a dispersion-type spectrometer is provided. 
Two LC-type oscillators operating at different fre- quencies are provided, the difference frequency being monitored. 
The coils employed in the resonant circuits of the LC-type oscillators serve as excitation coils. 
On resonance, the inductance of one of the coils is affected, while the other coil remains unaffected. 
Another embodiment of the device is an absorption-type spectrometer which operates differentially. 
Two identical groups of excitation and detection coils (L11, L22, LD1; L21, L12, LD2) are arranged in a symmetric manner around an active core region, and a difference signal from the detection coils (LD1, LD2) is detected while the sample is close to only one of the detection coils 
The present invention discloses novel compounds of Formula (I): having 11ß-HSD type 1 antagonist activity, as well as methods for preparing such compounds. 
In another embodiment, the invention discloses pharmaceutical compositions comprising compounds of Formula I, as well as methods of using the compounds and compositions to treat diabetes, hyperglycemia, obesity, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, metabolic syndrome, and other conditions associated with 11ß-HSD type 1 activity 
A multi-chamber expandable interspinous process brace (400) is disclosed and can include at least two chambers (402, 404). 
Each of the at least two chambers can receive an injectable biocompatible material. 
Further, the multi-chamber expandable interspinous process brace can be moved between a deflated configuration and an inflated configuration. 
In the inflated configuration, the multi-chamber expandable interspinous process brace can engage and support a superior spinous process and an inferior spinous process 
A system and method for slave-side arbitration includes a plurality of master devices, a target device, and an arbitrator for arbitrating access to the target device by the master devices. 
Queuing devices, such as FIFO buffers, are respectively associated with master devices and communicate information regarding retained target device access requests to the arbitrator. 
The information may be communicated to the arbitrator by sending it to the arbitrator, or may be provided as status information that is accessed by the arbitrator. 
The arbitrator uses an arbitration scheme and information regarding retained transaction requests to determine which master device should be granted access to the target device. 
The arbitration system and method can be used in an integrated circuit with multiple embedded processors, and can be implemented in a document processing system to improve overall system performance over conventional slave-side arbitration schemes 
The present invention is directed to a system and method for displaying sales information to a sales person via a portal. 
Data from a plurality of data sources is aggregated. 
Sales credit information attributable to the sales person for his clients, and for products associated with one or more of such clients, is identified. 
Based on (i) user profile information for the sales person, (ii) at least some of the aggregated data, and (iii) at least some of the identified sales credit information, sales strategy information is generated for the sales person. 
Content of the portal is generated based on the sales strategy information 
High throughput channel operation in a mesh wireless local area network (WLAN) is disclosed. 
A mesh network comprises a plurality of mesh points and a network management entity (NME). 
The NME is configured to retrieve capability and configuration data from the mesh points. 
The NME configures at least one mesh point with respect to IEEE 802.11n channelization and legacy protection mode based on the capability and configuration data 
A process for producing a PX-rich product comprises (a) separating a feedstock containing C<SUB>8</SUB> hydrocarbons to produce a C<SUB>8</SUB> hydrocarbons rich stream; (b) separating at least a first portion of the C<SUB>8</SUB> hydrocarbons rich stream to produce a first PX-rich stream and a first PX-depleted stream; (c) isomerizing at least a portion of the first PX-depleted stream to produce a first isomerized stream having a higher PX concentration than the first PX-depleted stream; (d) separating a second portion of the C<SUB>8</SUB> hydrocarbons rich stream and/or at least a portion of the first isomerized stream to produce a second PX-rich stream and a second PX-depleted stream; (e) isomerizing at least a portion of the second PX-depleted stream to produce a second isomerized stream having a higher PX concentration than the second PX-depleted stream; (f) recovering at least a portion of at least one of the first and second PX-rich streams as PX-rich product; and (g) supplying at least a portion of at least one of the first isomerized stream, the second isomerized stream, the first PX-rich stream, and the second PX-rich stream to the separating (a) 
The present invention relates to an electrically conductive article. 
The electrically conductive article is made of an injection moldable polymer. 
An electrically conductive material is embedded in the injection moldable polymer, and a carbon based material is also embedded in the injection moldable polymer. 
The electrically conductive article may be in the form of a pellet or a plate, and may be used as an EMI shield 
A fence screening apparatus (20) and method are provided for use with a fence (10) having spatially disposed upstanding pickets (14) defining intervening spaces (15) between the pickets. 
A screening member (22) is configured for screening at least a portion of the intervening space between a first picket and an adjacent second picket. 
A clip (26) supports the screening member and defines a longitudinally extending cavity (36) that is sized to matingly enclose the first picket and thereby be operably supported in the upstanding disposition 
By providing an elastic form stable material which is capable of being delivered directly to a specific desired location within a living creature and provides increased strength and rigidity to the injected location, disorders of the trabecular bone or subchondral tissue of a living creature are able to be effectively treated. 
Treatment of necrosis of the bone beneath the cartilage in skeletal joints and other defects in bony or cartilaginous structures is achieved with a variation of the subject material specific to each application. 
In the preferred method, the elastic form stable material is injected directly into the affected area, thereby achieving the desired result 
A friction material that has a base material impregnated with at least one resin having at least one type of functional group that interacts with the additives in the lubricant. 
In the preferred embodiment, the resin is a hydroxyl or aldehyde modified phenolic. 
The heat of absorption, or the interaction energy, of the modified resins to friction modifier additives are larger than the heat of absorption of non-modifed phenolic resins when compared to the same friction modifier additives or similar mimic compounds 
Versions of the invention include compositions and methods for making them that include a polymeric porous membrane with one or more atmospheric pressure microwave plasma modified surfaces. 
The modified porous membrane is stable, non-dewetting, and retains its mechanical strength 
The invention provides methods and compositions for raising an immune response in a subject by administering an HIV antigen. 
The HIV antigens include HIV clade C polynucleotides and polypeptides. 
The invention also provides for recombinant HIV viral particles and compositions 
The present invention provides new compositions and methods for treatment of intracellular parasites. 
The compositions comprise one or more hydroxamic acids in an amount sufficient to interfere with the activity of one or more histone deacetylases in the intracellular parasites. 
The compositions and methods can be used to treat members of the Apicomplexa group of intracellular parasites 
A method for automatically determining machine vision tool parameters is presented, including: marking to indicate a desired image result for each image of a plurality of images; selecting a combination of machine vision tool. parameters, and running the machine visjpp*.tool on the plurality of images using the combination of parameters to provide" a computed image result for each image of the plurality of images, each computed image result including a plurality of computed measures; comparing each desired image result with a corresponding computed image result to provide a comparison result vector associated with the combination of machine vision tool parameters, then comparing the comparison result vector associated with the combination of machine vision tool parameters to a previously computed comparison result vector associated with a previous combination of machine vision tool parameters using a result comparison heuristic to determine which combination of machine vision tool parameters is best overall 
A compound which can be attached to a solid support and used as a reagent for methods of solid phase synthesis has the following structure: (I) where Ri is selected from hydrogen and C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB> alkyl; R<SUB>2</SUB> is selected from hydrogen, hydroxy, and C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB> alkoxy, or together R<SUB>1 </SUB>and R<SUB>2</SUB> form a single bond; R<SUB>3</SUB>, R<SUB>4</SUB>, R<SUB>5</SUB> and R<SUB>6</SUB> are the same or different from each other and each represents hydrogen, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB> alkyl, and halogen, or together R<SUB>3</SUB> and R<SUB>4</SUB> with R<SUB>5</SUB> and R<SUB>6</SUB> form an aromatic ring, further wherein the aromatic ring is substituted with one or more X; X is selected from halogen, nitro, amino, and aminocarbonyl; s is 0, 1, 2, or 3, t is 0, 1, 2, or 3, wherein s + t =1; R<SUB>7</SUB> and R<SUB>8</SUB> are the same or different from each other and each represents hydroxy, halogen, hydrogen, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB> alkoxy, oxyacyl, or together R<SUB>7</SUB> and R<SUB>8</SUB> form a carbonyl; Y is selected from a methylene or substituted methylene, nucleoside, nucleotide, protected nucleoside, protected nucleotide, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB> aryl, arylalkyl, heteroalkyl, heterocycle, and heteroaryl; n is 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, or 10; Z is selected from OR and NHR; R is selected from hydrogen, SiR<SUP>a</SUP>,R<SUP>b</SUP>R<SUP>c</SUP>, CR<SUP>a</SUP>R<SUP>b</SUP>, R<SUP>c</SUP>, heteroalkyl, and C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB> alkyl; R<SUP>a</SUP>, R<SUP>b</SUP>, and R<SUP>c</SUP> are the same as or different from each other and each represents methyl, ethyl, i-propyl, t-butyl, phenyl or substituted phenyl 
A communication protocol between a master device (102), such as a mobile phone, and a peripheral device (104) facilitates authentication of the peripheral device. 
When a peripheral device is detected, the master device initiates a wake-up command to the peripheral device, transmits an authentication request command followed by challenge data to the peripheral device, and awaits responses from the peripheral device. 
The accessory receives the challenge data, performs a hash function on the challenge data, performs a hash function on the challenge data, and generates response data. 
An authentication response type byte is sent to the mobile phone followed by the response data. 
The mobile phone compares the response data to pre-stored data that is associated with the challenge data. 
A match indicates that the accessory is authentic. 
The challenge / response data, also referred to as a plaintext / cyphertext pair, is pre-generated external to the mobile phone using the hash function, then pre-stored in the mobile phone 
The present disclosure relates to sterilization methods and systems that may be used within numerous contexts, such as health-care and manufacturing facilities 
Methods, systems, and computer readable media for kick counting and charting fetal movements. 
The virtual kick counting device records ten fetal movements in a session, wherein each movement is recorded by pressing a button (112) included in a device image (110) displayed on a computer display monitor. 
The virtual device displays an additional footprint icon (128) each time the button (112) is pressed, wherein the user can count the recorded movements during the session. 
The virtual device records the elapsed time (KickTime) for each session and stores the KickTime. 
The virtual device has a sound recording and playback function that enables the user to record the fetal heartbeat sound for playback. 
The virtual device stores and updates the weeks and days of the mother's pregnancy progress, calculates the countdown days-to-go, and displays the countdown (132) if the countdown is less than 100 
A method for segmenting video data into foreground and background portions utilizes statistical modeling of the pixels. 
A statistical model of the background is built for each pixel, and each pixel in an incoming video frame is compared with the background statistical model for that pixel. 
Pixels are determined to be foreground or background based on the comparisons. 
The method for segmenting video data may be further incorporated into a method for implementing an intelligent video surveillance system. 
The method for segmenting video data may be implemented in hardware 
A method and system for detecting and locating a breach of a pipe in nested multi-pipe petroleum wells using pressure valves and pressure sensors. 
The method comprises the steps of, connecting at least two of the well pipes of a nested multi-pipe production well to a collection reservoir to allow fluid communication from the well into the reservoir; sealing the well pipes to maintain the pressure therein; measuring a pressure parameter within each of said at least two well pipes until said pressure parameter indicates a stabilization of pressure therein; altering the pressure within one of the well pipes; measuring a pressure parameter within the other well pipes; and stabilizing the pressure in the well pipe within which the pressure was previously altered 
An improved detection method is descpbed for an antigen such as a chemical compound, a peptide, or a nucleic acid The detection time for an antigen can be dramatically reduced relative to conventional technologies The technology can particularly be used, for example, to modify and reduce the detection time significantly in traditional western blot, Dot blot, ELISA and immunohistology methods 
The present invention pertains to differential pressure transducers. 
In an embodiment of the invention, a differential pressure transducer includes a transducer housing, a diaphragm, a bellows, and a sensing assembly. 
The transducer housing, diaphragm, and bellows are coupled to form a pressure chamber. 
The pressure chamber is separated into two portions by the diaphragm, with each portion arranged to be filled with a process fluid. 
A pressure differential across the diaphragm causes displacement of the diaphragm. 
Such displacement is measured by, the sensing assembly and used to calculate the pressure differential between the two process fluids 
An electrical connector including a housing comprising at least two contact receiving areas and at least two contact terminals connected to the housing in the contact receiving areas. 
A first one of the contact terminals includes a combined housing latch and shorting member. 
The combined housing latch and shorting member is latched behind a portion of the housing to retain the first contact terminal to the housing. 
The combined housing latch and shorting member directly electrically contacts a second one of the contact terminals. 
The combined housing latch and shorting member is resiliently deflectable and adapted to be moved by a portion of a mating electrical connector to electrically disconnect from the second contact terminal and still be retained latched behind the portion of the housing 
An apparatus (10) and method are provided for transferring electrical energy from a Fieldbus process communication loop (12) to at least one other process communication loop (24) operating in accordance with a different process communication protocol. 
A power transfer device (10) is coupleable to a Fieldbus process communication loop (12) and to a second process communication loop (24). 
The power transfer device (10) is wholly powered by the Fieldbus process communication loop (12), and is configured to supply at least some electrical energy to the second process communication loop (12) 
The present invention discloses an exercise and transportation device such as a bicycle that includes a frame having a drive wheel rotatably supported thereupon The bicycle includes a first and a second foot support members, which are powered by the user A coupler assembly directs the first end of each foot support members in an arcuate path of travel, and a vertical support coupled to the front section of the frame at one end directs the second end of each foot support member in a reciprocating path of travel A power transfer linkage is in mechanical communication with the coupler assembly and with the dpve wheel When the device is in use, a user's foot disposed upon the foot link travels in an elliptical path of travel and provides power to the foot link 
Provided are a pad for absorbing an impact on lower legs, having excellent impact absorbing performance in a vehicle collision etc., and a vehicle floor pan. 
The pad (1) is formed of particles of foaming resin and has ridges (3, 3,...) on its bottom face that is on the vehicle body side when the pad is placed in a vehicle. 
A floor spacer (10) is constructed from the pad (1) and a horizontal pad (2). 
Each of the ridges (3) has a wider section (32) from the middle in the longitudinal direction of the ridge (3) onward. 
The heels of an occupant's feet are placed on the wider section (32) 
In order to suppress electric current waveform distortions of an electric motor in the case that an output voltage from a rectifying unit fluctuates on a large scale; an inverter detects a motor electric current including a waveform of a rectifying voltage period and its distortion to generate an electric current detecting signal; generates an electric current command correcting signal for correcting the electric current distortions based on the electric current detecting signal and an electric current command signal; generates a voltage command signal based on the electric current detecting signal, the electric current command signal and the electric current command signal; and generates a PWM signal based on the voltage command signal 
A carbonitriding process which brings about an improvement in the permeation rate of nitrogen and an enhancement in the efficiency of carbonitriding and which comprises heating a steel workpiece containing at least 0.8% by mass of carbon in an atmosphere containing ammonia, carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, and hydrogen. 
The carbonitriding process is provided with an atmosphere control step (50) and a heating pattern control step (60). 
The step (50) comprises an undecomposed NH<SUB>3</SUB> partial pressure control step (51), a CO/CO<SUB>2</SUB> partial pressure control step (53), a H<SUB>2</SUB> partial pressure control step (52). 
In the atmosphere control step (50), the steps (51), (53) and (52) are carried out in such a way that the hydrogen partial pressure in the heat treatment furnace falls within the range of 0.1 to 0.3 atm and ? defined by the formula (1) falls within the range of 2.0 to 6.0: (1) wherein (2) Pco: partial pressure (atm) of carbon monoxide; Pco<SUB>2</SUB>: partial pressure (atm) of carbon dioxide (3) K: equilibrium constant of the reaction: +CO<SUB>2</SUB>-2CO (4) C<SUB>NH3</SUB>: concentration (vol%) of undecomposed ammonia (5 
A server selects one of predetermined display specification programs according to at least one of attribute information on the user's attributes, purpose information on the user's use purpose, and the user's measurement data (S16) inputted through a communication terminal capable of communicating data with a body composition analyzer. 
The selected display specification program is transferred to a body composition meter through the communication terminal (S26, S28). 
Resultantly, the display specification program of the body composition analyzer is updated (S30) 
Provided is a putting-training tool for enabling a user to train the putting while realizing that the error of a ball hitting angle may be confined within about 2 degrees. 
The putting-training tool is characterized in that a golf ball rolling groove (3) has a width of 9 mm to 5 mm and has a transverse section gently-recessed into a curved face for supporting a golf ball (B) at one point, so that the golf ball (B) may not leave, in case a putting force to roll the golf ball (B) by about 1.5 m to 2 m on the green is applied, the golf ball rolling groove (3) for errors of the ball hitting angle less than 2 degrees 
A compound eye camera module where a light shielding block (6) having openings (6a-6d) is provided between a lens array (1) and an imaging element (4). 
The lens array (1) is provided with lenses (1a-1d) having optical axes different from each other, and the imaging element (4) has imaging regions (4a-4d). 
The light shielding block has a first standard surface (68) in contact with the lens array and positioning it in the optical axis direction, a second standard surface (65) in contact with the imaging element and positioning it in the optical axis direction, a third standard surface (67) in contact with the lens array and positioning it in a first direction perpendicular to the optical axis direction, and a fourth standard surface (66) in contact with the lens array and positioning the lens array in a second direction perpendicular to the optical axis direction and the first direction. 
Although simply assembled, the compound eye camera module has high accuracy of measured distances and is small-sized and thin 
[PROBLEMS] A stop lamp operation controller having relays whose durabilities are improved while avoiding unnecessary automatic blinkings. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] A stop lamp (26) is kept on through a main line (31) and a sub-line (32) during gentle braking, and made to blink by cutting off the sub-line (32) and turning on/off the main line (31) at predetermined cycles during sudden braking. 
Since first and second relays are both in a nonexcited state during gentle braking, the durabilities of the relays are not influenced. 
Since, during the sudden braking, the first relay in kept excited and the second relay repeats the excited/nonexcited states at predetermined cycles, their durabilities are deteriorated. 
However, the frequency of sudden braking is extremely low, the deterioration is much smaller than conventional 
Disclosed is an epoxy resin composition for fiber-reinforced composite materials which contains an epoxy resin, an acid anhydride curing agent and an organophosphorus compound. 
The epoxy resin composition is characterized in that the organophosphorus compound is contained therein in an amount of 0.2-2% by weight in terms of phosphorus atoms relative to the total epoxy resin composition, a nitrogen-containing compounds is contained therein in an amount of 0-0.5% by weight in terms of nitrogen atoms relative to the total epoxy resin composition, and a polymerizable unsaturated group-containing compound is contained therein in an amount of 0-5% by weight relative to the total epoxy resin composition. 
Also disclosed is an automobile component using such an epoxy resin composition. 
This epoxy resin composition for fiber-reinforced composite materials can be molded in a short time and a cured product thereof is hardly colored. 
Consequently, this epoxy resin composition enables to obtain a fiber-reinforced composite material which is excellent in appearance and surface smoothness 
Disclosed is an exhaust gas purifying catalyst containing a plurality of particulate first compounds (5) which are loaded with noble metal particles (3), and particulate second compounds (7) which are arranged between the first compounds (5) for separating the first compounds (5) from one another. 
The noble metal particles (3), the first compounds (5) and the second compounds (7) have a pore volume of 0.24-0.8 cm<SUP>3</SUP>/g 
The invention relates to a process for converting polymers chosen from the group (A) of styrene-containing polymers with the exception of homopolystyrene, or from the group (B) of maleimide-containing polymers, into a state of ductile deformability, characterized by the action of a force on the polymers below their glass-transition temperatures 
The invention relates to a method for operating a radio communication system in which network radio devices (BS1, BS2) use radio resources in order to communicate with subscriber stations. 
A first network radio device (BS1) performs direct tuning with a second network radio device (BS2) using the respectively used radio resources. 
The first (BS1) and/or the second (BS2) network radio device send(s) a request for a decision about radio resources to be used by the first (BS1) and/or the second (BS2) network radio device to a device (TS). 
Subsequent to the request, the first (BS1) and/or the second (BS2) network radio device receive(s) information from the device (TS) about radio resources to be used by the first (BS1) and/or the second (BS2) network radio device. 
The invention also relates to a radio communication system for carrying out the method 
Simplification of IMS registration in the event of emergency calls is made possible by apparatuses and a method for setting up an emergency-call connection from a terminal (Figure 1: "terminal") to an IMS via a network (Figure 1: "S-CSCF", "P-CSCF", "GGSN", "SGSN", "Radio Access Network"...) visited by the terminal, where, if the terminal is already registered in the IMS, setup of an emergency-call connection dispenses with IMS registration of the terminal in the IMS for this emergency-call connection if a comparison between a network identification ("network identifier", Figure 1: "MCC1"/"MNC1") for the visited network, of which the terminal was notified when it registered in the visited network, and a network identification for the terminal's home network reveals a match between these network identifications 
The invention relates to a device for dispensing labels (4.2) on objects (10), especially self-adhesive labels, by pulling off labels from a path-like support material (4.1) on a dispensing edge (9) over which the support material is advanced in a clocked feed motion and wherein the label material is continuously pulled off by a supply (3, 5) of labels and support material and is carried to the dispensing edge (9) by means of a loop-forming device (8) that loops the label material 
Process for production of a tread for a tyre - in particular of a pneumatic tyre - with a radially inner layer composed of a first rubber material and with a radially outer second layer composed of a second rubber material and forming the ground-contact surface of the pneumatic tyre, where the first rubber material in particular has higher electrical conductivity than the second rubber material, and where, in the form of a fillet axially dividing the second layer around the periphery of the pneumatic tyre, the first rubber material extends radially outwards through the second layer as far as the ground-contact surface, characterized in that a ply of the first layer composed of a first rubber material and the second layer composed of a second rubber material are constructed radially one on the other, on a rotationally symmetric construction surface, on one of the two axial sides of the fillet (34) to be produced, in each case in a first axially extending region which reaches as far as the position of the fillet, and in that, starting from the other axial side of the fillet (34) to be produced, in a second axially extending region, an axially coherent ply of the first layer is produced via winding, in the manner of a screw thread, of a rubber strip composed of the first rubber material, with a plurality of axially adjacent or at least to some extent axially overlapped windings around the rotational axis reaching as far as the ply previously produced for the first layer in the first axially extending region, whereupon on reaching the ply produced for the first layer in the axially extending region, the rubber strip is further wound in contact with the axial edge firstly of the ply produced in the first region for the first layer and then secondly of the second layer, using a plurality of windings to produce the fillet in the manner of a screw thread and/or of a spiral, radially outwards around the rotational axis as far as the envelope of the tread to be constructed, and then in that, in the second axially extending region, the second layer composed of the second rubber material is constructed axially as far as the fillet (34) 
An automatic vent device for electric control fuel line in single cylinder diesel is provided, it mainly includes: a three way pipe joint, a fuel feed pipe (1) connected with a fuel tank (5) by a fuel pipe, a fuel return pipe (2) connected with the top of the fuel tank (5) by another fuel pipe, the fuel discharge pipe (3), the fuel feed pipe and the fuel return pipe (2) are connected together as a integral unit 
A method and system for collecting and distributing sense-on-demand data is provided. 
The sense-on-demand data system uses a network of centralized computers and remote units. 
The centralized computers may be operated by or on behalf of the operator of the sense-on-demand data system, and the remote units may be operated by users of the network. 
The remote units may consist of a variety of mobile and fixed-location devices, such as cellular telephones, personal data assistants, laptop computers, desktop computers, and stand-alone data sensor units. 
The system receives requests for information, identifies remote units that are proximate to the location, forwards the requests to the identified remote units, receives responses from the remote units, and provides responses to the requester 
The invention is directed to over the counter (OTC) eyeglasses with improved optical center distance (OCD) settings. 
The improved settings include a single best OCD setting for the eyeglasses. 
Alternatively, plural pairs of eyeglasses, having different OCD settings are provided for purchase. 
A display and method for the display of such eyeglasses is also claimed and described 
A transport system for conveying articles along conveyance paths including straight, curvilinear, horizontal, inclined and declined conveyance sections. 
The articles are conveyed between a pair of vertical belts while being supported by protrusions extending from the vertical belts. 
The vertical belts are guided using a multiplicity of vertical rollers that are configurable into straight, curvilinear and dynamically changing conveyance sections. 
Multiple conveyance sections can be joined end to end to transport articles over complex paths and over long distances. 
The articles conveyed may include semiconductor wafers 
An integrated boost inverter circuit including at least one inverter stage having series connected high- and low-side switches having a common node. 
Each switch having an anti-parallel connected diode connected across the switch, which diode can be an external diode or an internal body diode of the switch; at least one inductor connectable in series between a voltage source and the node of the at least one inverter stage; a bulk capacitor connected across the at least one inverter stage; and a load being connectable to the node of the at least one inverter stage, wherein at every switching cycle, when the low- side switch of the at least one inverter stage turns-ON the respective at least one inductor is charged and when the low-side switch turns-OFF, the current in the respective at least one inductor re-circulates through the anti-parallel connected diode of the high-side switch into the bulk capacitor 
A wig using hairnet is provided. 
An attaching member has an elastic attaching band to be worn on a head or discovered from the head and an auxiliary band, which connects the attaching band to the hairnet. 
Both ends of the attaching band are folded to form a loop and a tube is inserted to the folded portion. 
According to the wig of the present invention, inconvenience can be reduced because the wig can be kept on a head while an attaching band adheres around a head. 
The wig is very convenient to wear or discover because it can be easily kept on the head with the attaching band pulled. 
Also the wig can be prevented from getting loose because the front side of the wig adheres around the head when hair next to the loop is inserted into the loop and the end portion of the loop is pulled after the wig is worn 
Provided is a system for transmitting an image code using a text. 
In a transmitting end of the system, a text is generated and transmitted in which code information containing a code type and a code value of an image code is arranged according to a specific display format. 
In a receiving end of the system, the text is received through a specific network, and the image code is generated according to the code type and the code value of the image code that has been read from the received text so that the image code may be displayed on a screen or may be stored. 
Accordingly, the image code can be transmitted using a text instead of transmitting the image code itself 
Disclosed are a driving circuit for a single-phase SRM and a driving method thereof. 
The driving circuit for the single-phase SRM includes a switched reluctance motor, a voltage source which supplies energy to the switched reluctance motor, and an inverter circuit which is connected to the switched reluctance motor in parallel so as to temporarily store energy of the voltage source, and then supply the energy to the switched reluctance motor 
A method, PT client device and PT server device for controlling transmission of media data, are discussed. 
According to an embodiment, the method includes starting, by a PT server, a timer when a media burst revoke message is transmitted to a PT client; stopping, by the PT server, the timer before the timer expires when last media data and a media burst release message are received from the PT client; and transmitting, by the PT server, a media burst idle message to the PT client when the timer is stopped 
This invention provides paste composition for printing, which is particularly characterized by comprising a) 5 to 30 % by weight of an acrylate polymer resin; b) 5 to 30 % by weight of a cross-linking oligomer; c) 0.1 to 5 % by weight of a photopolymerization initiator; and d) 50 to 85 % by weight of a metal powder. 
The paste composition for printing in accordance with the invention is especially suitable for gravure offset printing capable of directly forming fine pattern, it can fundamentally solve retreatment problems of materials that occur during the manufacturing of electrodes of mesh filters for shielding electromagnetic waves or electrode pattern for plasma display panels using the prior photolithography methods and at the same time, it can satisfy a variety of the properties required as a paste composition each of which is required for printing process so that appropriate offset print performance can be exerted 
A new concept card and a selling system and method based on a purchaser using the card are disclosed. 
The system includes a card system 4 which issues a new concept card for allowing a card company to identify a seller or registers or grants information to a seller, a seller system 3 or terminal 31 which allows the seller to receive the UC or information and to advertise the card or information to a purchaser and allows the purchaser to purchase merchandise, a purchaser terminal 1 which allows the purchaser to access the seller system or terminal so as to purchase merchandise or acquire the UC information and to access the card company to rapidly/accurately input the UC or seller information such that credit card approval is requested, and a bank system 2 which processes the credit car approval when the purchaser requests the credit card approval 
The present invention relates to a power transmission apparatus for transmitting power to a riding device by using organic dynamic relation of a pulley. 
More particularly, the present invention relates to a multipurpose power generating apparatus, which can be used as a power generating apparatus of a bicycle, a hang glider, and a generator, and comprises elements for transmitting power to a rotary shaft by the application of a kinetic force, such as a pair of symmetric pedals acting as leverages, a fixed pulley for converting the direction of a force, a rotary pulley for improving a force, and wires for connecting the above elements 
In a direct backlight (30), a substrate (34) on which LEDs (36) are provided is composed of a plurality of module substrates (35). 
Each module substrate (35) can be reduced in warping or deformation after a blanking process. 
In addition, each module substrate (35) can be formed thin since bending due to its own weight is small. 
Consequently, the substrate (34) as a whole and the backlight (30) can be formed thin 
A profiling method of a plurality of users (UTl-UTN) of goods is described, the method comprising: - prearranging, in a main database (DBP) associated with a management centre (100) , a first plurality of distinctive attributes of each user and a second plurality of distinctive attributes of each good; providing each user with a respective use information acquisition instrument; - acquiring, by means of said instrument and during a use of goods by users, respective use information (IU) representative of the occurred use; storing, in the database (DBP) , said respective use information (IU) , associating it with the corresponding user and the corresponding good 
A prefabricated component (1) for walls (2) of houses, in particular for door or window structures (3), comprises at least one pair of panels (4a, 4b) positioned opposite one another, of which at least one is made of a transparent material, between which an electrothermal conversion element (5) is housed. 
The component (1) includes a chamber (6) delimited by the pair of panels (4a, 4b), having an inlet section (7) and an outlet section (8) for the air in the room, and forming a convection and radiant flue (9). 
An air flow (10) from the heated room passes through the chamber (6), strikes the electrothermal conversion element (5) in the chamber, and flows out of the chamber (6) and back into the room 
The invention relates to organopolysiloxanes (S) which are composed of at least one Si-C bound, radically crosslinkable unit of general formula (1) -R<SUP>1</SUP>-NR<SUP>6</SUP>-C(O)-CR<SUP>2</SUP>=CR<SUP>3</SUP 
The invention relates to a holding plate (1) for a vacuum cleaner bag with a base plate (2) with an opening (3), a locking element (4) arranged on the base plate with a horizontal swing to close the opening, and a spring element (6) arranged in such a way that the bending angle (B) of the spring element with a horizontal swing of the locking element in the opening direction brings the locking element out of the first position, in which the opening (3) is sealed, into the second position, in which the opening is open, in a previously determined swing angle range that is smaller than the corresponding opening angle (x) of the locking element (4), in such a way that the locking element can be brought from the second position into the first position by the restoring force of the spring element in the direction opposite to the opening direction, and the spring element is located behind the locking element in the opening direction. 
Method for manufacturing an assembly of two ringed sheaths (1,2) ready to be used to make a single ringed sheath around for example a bundle of electric cables (13), wherein two smooth-walled tubes are simultaneously extruded using a single extruder fitted with two extrusion nozzles, the two smooth-walled tubes are simultaneously moulded into two ringed wall tubes using a moulder equipped with moulds each fitted with two ringed profiles extending in parallel in a longitudinal direction and being paired along one and the same parting line. 
According to the invention, during moulding, material bridges (33) and empty spaces (35) are created between first tube rings (41) and second tube rings (42), by opening or closing respectively, between the two ringed profiles, material runs formed in the parting line of two paired moulds, a longitudinal strip (28) of ringed tube wall is cut out and removed, using cutting means and the two ringed tubes connected to each other by the material bridges (33) formed between the rings are cut to a desired length, using severing means 
The invention specifies a motor unit (1), which has a housing (2) and an electric motor, whose output shaft (8) is connected to an input shaft (11) via pulleys (10) and a belt (5). 
It is desirable to provide a compact motor unit which can be used in dirt-sensitive regions and can be matched to different speed ranges using simple means. 
For this purpose, the invention provides for the housing (2) to be closed and for the motor to be in the form of a torque motor 
Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes) can be industrially processed to give a ground and/or powdered material with a controlled moisture content for use as an absorbent for organic liquid substances and/or waste to prevent such liquids from polluting groundwater and soils. 
The liquids in question can include milk, cooking oil, blood from healthy animals, semi-solid fruit waste, brewer's yeast, sludge, etc. 
When the processed and conditioned water hyacinth is mixed and/or combined with said organic waste, the physical and chemical properties of the waste in question remain unaffected and the resulting material can be used as an alternative starting material for use in human food and animal feed. 
It is intended to provide a porous PVDF film, which has a high water permeability and such a high durability to chemicals such as washing chemicals that can be hardly achieved by the existing porous polymer films and can be used over a prolonged period of time, a method of producing the same and so on. 
Namely, a porous film wherein the degree of crystallization of a PVDF resin is 50% or more but not more than 90%, and the product of the degree of crystallization of the PVDF resin and the specific surface area of the film is 300 (%·m<SUP>2</SUP>/g) or more but not more than 2000 (%·m<SUP>2</SUP>/g). 
A method of producing a porous film comprising extruding a film-forming solution, which at least comprises a hydrophobic polymer component having a PVDF resin as the main component, a hydrophilic polymer component and a common solvent for both of the hydrophobic and hydrophilic components, from a molding nozzle, and solidifying the same in a solution comprising water as the main component to thereby produce a porous film having the PVDF resin as the main component, wherein polyethylene glycol having a weight-average molecular weight of 20,000 or more but not more than 150,000 is used as the hydrophilic polymer component 
The present invention aims to provide a high-purity a-methylstyrene by efficiently removing polar material present in an a-methylstyrene. 
Specifically disclosed is a method for purifying an a-methylstyrene, wherein polar material contained in an a-methylstyrene is reacted in the presence of a basic substance and the reaction product of the polar material is separated from the a-methylstyrene 
Disclosed is a wire for Ni-base heat-resistant alloy welding, which has a chemical composition consisting of, in mass%, 14.0-21.5% of Cr, 6.5-14.5% of Co, 6.5-10.0% of Mo, 1.5-3.5% of W, 1.2-2.4% of Al, 1.1-2.1% of Ti, 7.0% or less of Fe, 0.0001-0.020% of B, 0.03-0.15% of C, additionally if necessary, 0.1-1.0% of Nb, and the balance of Ni and unavoidable impurities. 
The S and P contents contained therein as unavoidable impurities are respectively regulated to be not more than 0.004% (S) and not more than 0.010% (P). This wire for Ni-base heat-resistant alloy welding has a structure wherein M<SUB>6</SUB>C carbide and MC carbide are uniformly dispersed in the matrix 
A nozzle for insertion into a tooth root canal, which can be inserted into the depths of the root canal, which enables a sufficient amount of fluid to be allowed to flow through it per unit time, and which can be easily produced, and a device for treating a tooth root canal, provided with the nozzle. 
A treating device (1) has an injection device (10) and a discharge device (20). 
The injection device (10) has a treatment liquid receiving container (14) and also has a supply nozzle (11) communicating with the treatment liquid receiving container (14) through a supply tube (13).The discharge device (20) has a suction nozzle (21) inserted from one end into a tooth root canal (610), a discharge tube (22) connected to the other end of the suction nozzle (21), a discharge pump (23) provided in the middle of the discharge tube (22), and a waste liquid receiving container (24) communicating with the suction nozzle (21) through the discharge pump (23). 
The suction nozzle (21) has a substantially circular tube-like body section having a predetermined dimension and a substantially circular tube-like extension section extending from the forward end of the body section, having a smaller outer diameter than the body section, and having a predetermined dimension 
An optical measurement device for measuring an optical appearance of a surface of a sample, in particular the surface of a human skin, wherein the optical measurement device comprises: a first illumination device (16) for illuminating the surface (14) with a first illumination beam (22), wherein the first illumination beam (22) is incident at a first angle of incidence (38) onto the surface (14); and a detection device (28) for detecting a response beam (22), wherein the response beam (42) is a response of the sample (12) to the first illumination beam (22), comprising at least one screen (27) for intercepting the response beam (42) and at least an image detection component (29). 
The optical measurement device (10) comprises a second illumination device (18), wherein the second illumination device (18) is providing a second illumination beam (24) with a second angle of incidence (54) at the surface (14), wherein the first angle of incidence (38) is different from the second angle of incidence (54) 
The present disclosure is directed to an integrated SOFC stack including, a first cell having a cathode layer, an electrolyte layer overlying the cathode layer, and an anode layer overlying the electrolyte layer. 
The SOFC stack also includes a second cell having a cathode layer, an electrolyte layer overlying the cathode layer, and an anode overlying the electrolyte layer. 
The SOFC stack further includes a ceramic interconnect layer between the first cell and the second cell, the ceramic interconnect layer having a first high temperature bonding region along the interfacial region between the first cell and the ceramic interconnect layer. 
The ceramic interconnect layer also includes a second high temperature bonding region along the interfacial region between the second cell and the ceramic interconnect layer 
Wineglass tags fit within a case such that the wineglass tags and case collectively have a hole therethrough that the neck of a wine bottle can fit through. 
The case, with wineglass tags stored therein, can rest on the neck of the wine bottle for storage and/or for carrying. 
The wineglass tags are made of silicone rubber that erasably accepts ink. 
The case has a number of flanges to hold the wineglass tags in an aligned position. 
The flanges keep the wineglass tags spaced from one another such that the wineglass tags don't bind when sliding along the neck of the wine bottle 
The present invention provides a method for the treatment of psychiatric patients with excessive daytime sleepiness and/or a sleep disturbance comprising administering a therapeutically effective amount of paliperidone, its pharmaceutically acceptable acid addition salts, enantiomeric forms and esters thereof in a dosage form that provides a relatively low plasma concentration variation of paliperidone to the psychiatric patients in need of treatment 
A method of identifying an anomalous orientation definition condition of a remote locomotive ( 12) of a train includes monitoring an operating condition of the remote locomotive of the train, the remote locomotive e configured to operate according to a defined orientation with respect to a lead locomotive of the tram. 
'The method also includes identifying an operating condition of the.remote locomotive indicative of the remote locomotive operating contrary to an operating condition of the lead locomotive 
The invention concerns in one embodiment a method of treating glaucoma or elevated intraocular pressure comprising administering a pharmaceutically effective amount of a composition comprising at least one prenyltransferase inhibitor. 
In another embodiment, the invention concerns a composition for the treatment of elevated intraocular pressure and glaucoma comprising a pharmaceutically effective amount of a prenyltransferase inhibitor 
A method according to one embodiment may include partitioning a plurality of core processors into a main partition comprising at least one processor core capable of executing an operating system and an embedded partition comprising at least one different processor core. 
The main partition and embedded partition may communicate with each other through a bridge. 
The embedded partition of this embodiment may be capable of: mapping two or more mass storage systems, coupled to the embedded partition, into a single logical device; presenting the logical device to the bridge; and receiving at least one I/O request, generated by the main partition and directed to the logical device, and in response to the I/O request, the embedded partition may be further capable of communicating with at least one of the two or more mass storage systems using at least one communication protocol to process said I/O request; and reporting the status of the I/O request to the main partition, via the bridge 
A device has a first semiconductor chip (101) with contact pads in an interior first set (102) and a peripheral second set (103). 
A deformed sphere (104) of non-reflow metal is placed on each contact pad of the first and second sets. 
At least one additional deformed sphere (105) is placed on the first set pads, forming column-shaped spacers. 
The first chip is attached to a substrate (110) with a chip attachment location and a third set of contact pads (112) near the location. 
Low profile bond wires (130) span between the pads of the third set and the second set. 
A second semiconductor chip (140) of a size has a fourth set of contact pads (141 ) at location matching the first set pads and is placed over the first chip so that the fourth set pads are aligned with the spacers on the matching first set pads 
A programmable multi-cycle signaling scheme provides synchronous communications over relatively large distances. 
An input digital data stream is de-multiplexed onto multiple conductors. The digital data stream is recreated at the far end of the conductors 
Embodiments of a power consumption reduction process for memory interfaces are described. 
A power management process reduces the amount of time that current flows in a high or low terminated, current or voltage mode unipolar bus interface by reducing the amount of time the bus remains in a logic state that requires current flow 
Methods are disclosed for the conversion of primary amines to other functional groups. 
The methods can be used to prepare chiral organic compounds, including organic alcohols and organic halides. 
The methods can be carried out by treating a primary amine with an activating agent and a nitrosyl agent to produce the transformed compound along with nitrous oxide 
The invention refers to a stick, especially a ski stick, with integrated electronic instrument (3), especially a measuring instrument, and with at least one control button (4) and at least one display (31). 
Such stick comprises a grip (2), which extends approximately along the longitudinal axis of the stick and comprises a control button (4), where said electronic instrument (3) is integrated within said button (4), while the display (31) is placed on the surface of the control button (4) and herewith at least essentially also on the surface of the grip (2) of the stick (1). 
In this respect the stick (1) includes at least a time measuring device, namely an instrument (3) for measuring duration of a certain time period, and when desired also any other measuring instruments (3), by which such measuring instrument (3) is then at the one hand protected against mechanical damages and weather influences and may on the other hand be simply and reliable controlled by means of the belonging control button (4) even in bad weather conditions and also when gloves or similar requisites are used 
A method of operating a telecommunications network comprises performing, at a sending node (20), compression on at least a portion of a header portion of the packet and encryption on at least a portion of the packet in a manner whereby the compression and the encryption are bound to an extent that, at a receiving node (22), verification of decompression and decryption of the packet are interdependent 
The present invention relates to a fuel cell device for use in planar configuration air breathing polymer electrolyte electrochemical devices and to a support plate, gas connection means and clamping means for use in the fuel cell device. 
The electrochemical device may be use as a fuel cell or an electrolyser. 
In paticular it relates to a planar configuration air breathing polymer electrolyte electrochemical device including at least two fuel cells arranged in series connection on one surface of a support plate, characterised in that the fuel cells (2', 2", 2'''; 943) are arranged to press against a bearing plate (218; 942), which has an area that is larger than the area of the support plate 
An image display apparatus includes a display for outputting an image, a supporting device supporting the display, the supporting device contacting directly on an installing surface and extending upward, the supporting device being provided with an inner hollow portion, and a light emission unit emitting light reflecting from the inner hollow portion 
An image display apparatus includes a display for outputting an image, a supporting device supporting the display, the supporting device contacting directly on an installing surface and extending upward, the supporting device being provided with an inner hollow hole, and a light emission unit mounted in the inner hollow hole 
New testing methodology for the evaluation of the protection of the Personal Protective Equipments (PPE) for the respiratory tract against biological agents, characterized in that different machineries are used to reproduce the usage of the PPE, simulating a breathing through the Sheffield's head and self-respirator. 
The apparatus consists of: a) a viral and/or bacterial aerosol generator b) a test chamber containing the Sheffield's head c) a respirator simulating breathing and adjusting the inspiration and expiration frequency d) a suction system delivering the samples of air withdrawn in different points to the bubblers to determine the viral and/or bacterial concentrations 
A chemical analysis apparatus (1) of the type comprising a sample-holding set (2), a reactive- holding set (3), a reaction cuvette-holding set (4), a sampling device (5) for transferring a sample and a reactive into a reaction cuvette (260) and a system (8) for moving said sets (2, 3, 4), wherein the sample set and the reactive set (2, 3) comprise each a main supporting element (6, 23) pivotable about an axis of symmetry (61, 231) thereof and a plurality of secondary supporting elements (7, 24) received onto the main supporting element (6, T) so as to be pivotable integrally thereto and moreover pivotable each about an axis of symmetry (71 , 241 ) thereof so as to constitute a substantially satellite configuration (Fig. 1 ) 
The invention relates to the use of a composition comprising kappa opioid receptor antagonists for producing a drug for the treatment of dissociative disorders in humans 
The invention relates to dental materials comprising liquid, nanoparticulate functionalised hydrophobic co-condensates of tetraalkyl silicate esters with functionalised triialkoxysilanes of formula P-(CH<SUB>2</SUB>)<SUB>n</SUB>-Si(OR)<SUB>3</SUB> where P, R and n independently have the following meanings: P= a polymerisable CH<SUB>2</SUB>=CH-, CH<SUB>2</SUB>=CH-O-, styryl-, (meth)acryl-, (meth)acrylamido- or an SH group capable of polyaddition, R= methyl, ethyl or propyl and n =3 to 15, which may be produced by co-condensation of tetraalkyl silicate esters with alkyltrialkoxysilanes functionalised in the ?-position and subsequent end group functionalisation with trimethyl silyl groups. 
The invention further relates to the use of the dental material as filling composites, fixing cements or materials for coatings 
A Signal processing method comprises the steps of: acquisition of an audio signal (Al y(t)), periodically digitizing the audio signal (Al y (t)) resulting in frames (1) of the digitized audio signal (A4 y<SUB>1</SUB>(n)), determining a noisy audio signal spectrum (A6 Y<SUB>1</SUB>(k)) for each frame (1) of the digitized audio signal (A4 y<SUB>1</SUB>(n)), determining quantized a priori and a posteriori signal to noise ratios (A10 ?<SUB>1</SUB>(k), A12 ?<SUB>1</SUB>(k)) depending on the noisy audio signal spectrum (A6 Y<SUB>1</SUB>(k)) for the provided discrete frequencies (k) of each frame (1), determining for the provided discrete frequencies (k) given associated Perceptual scale gain values (A28 G<SUP>Bark</SUP 
An adjustable shock attenuating means comprises at least one arch element (1) and at least one tensile element (2) arranged between any two positions at a concave surface of the element (1) or between two ends of the arch element (1). 
This means further comprises at least one additional arch element (12) arranged intersecting with the arch element (1) or arranged with the arch element (1) side by side. 
The arch element (1) has a U-shaped cut-out (13, 14) at its two ends respectively and the tensile element (2) correspondingly has a connecting piece (23, 24) at its two ends respectively to be coupled with the U-shaped cut-outs (13, 14) of the arch element (1) with which the tensile element (2) is coupled with the arch element (1). 
The invention relates to an injection device with a receiving device for a substance to be dispensed, in particular with an ampoule holder (2), which is movable relative to the injection device or a part thereof, with a tensioning element, in particular a spring (6), which can bear on a part of the injection device, and with a coupling element (5) for coupling the receiving device (2) to the spring (6) such that, during an insertion movement of the receiving device (2) into the injection device, the spring (6) can be tensioned. The invention also relates to a method for preparing an injection device for dispensing a substance from an ampoule (3), wherein a discharging spring (6) of the injection device is tensioned by introduction of the ampoule (3) into the injection device 
An apparatus for producing a cleaning solution. 
Specifically, the apparatus of some embodiments includes a reservoir for containing sodium chlorite. 
A disposable ion exchange cartridge is placed in fluid communication with the sodium chlorite reservoir via a conduit. 
The ion exchange cartridge is selectively disconnectable from fluid communication with the sodium chlorite reservoir or from the conduit. 
Generally, the ion exchange cartridge will be disconnected and replaced when the ion exchange materials in the cartridge are depleted or exhausted. 
A catalyst can also be placed in fluid communication with the sodium chlorite reservoir. 
The catalyst can be contained in disposable or selectively disconnectable cartridge that can be easily replaced when depleted. 
In another aspect of the invention, a color comparison chart is positioned adjacent a conduit to allow one to compare the color of the solution to the chart and determine the concentration of the solution 
A medical device comprising a longitudinally elongated shaft with a contact face disposed at one end of the shaft effective for perforating a biological membrane when the contact face is pressed against the biological membrane and rotated about the longitudinal axis 
Embodiments of the present invention include code generation methods. 
In one embodiment, a table of patterns is generated. 
Each pattern in the table includes an FMA (fused multiply-add) DAG (Directed Acyclic Graph), a canonical form equivalent of the FMA DAG, and a shape corresponding to the canonical form equivalent. 
Incoming floating-point expressions are matched against the patterns in the table during compilation of a program to obtain optical sequences of FMA, FMS (fused multiply-subtract), and FNMA (fused negate multiply-add) instructions as compiled instructions for computing the floating point expressions 
Disclosed herein is a method and system for executing a program in a local computer, in which a shortcut index data is indexed and recorded by using the title name of a shortcut file stored in a local computer, a query is received from a user, and then a shortcut file associated with the query is immediately executed. 
According to exemplary embodiment of the present invention, the system comprises an index component configured to index index data associated with a shortcut file stored in a local computer, a shortcut index database configured to record the indexed shortcut index data, an input component configured to receive a query from a user, a retrieval component configured to retrieve the shortcut index data associated with the query from the shortcut index database, and an executing component configured to execute a shortcut file associated with the retrieved shortcut index data 
The present invention relates to a mascara container with curling tongs, in which eyelashes are rolled and lifted by using curling tongs having a comb, thereby quickly and easily shaping eyelashes into a desired pattern. 
The mascara container with curling tongs includes mascara container with curling tongs includes a handle having an operation switch formed on the circumference thereof; an operation member that is formed to project from the front end of the handle and is transferred in the forward and backward direction of the handle by the operation of the operation switch; a first elastic member that is mounted between the front end of the handle and the operation member; a supporting rod that is formed to cover the operation member projecting from the front end of the handle; curling tongs that are coupled to one end of the operation member and are opened and closed by the forward and backward transfer of the handle so as to shape eyelashes into a desired pattern; an elastic connection portion that is formed to extend from the supporting rod so as to cover the coupled portion between one end of the operation member and the curling tongs; and a container that is coupled to the handle 
The present invention relates to a composition for modulating the activation of Nurrl, the composition comprising an agonist or an antagonist of a dopamine D2 receptor, methods for modulating the activation of Nurrl by the dopamine D2 receptor, a method and composition for treating Nurrl-related diseases using the dopamine D2 receptor, and methods for screening a modulator of a dopamine D2 receptor of a test compound. 
Accordingly, the activation of Nurrl can be modulated by treating the dopaminergic neurons with the agonist or the antagonist of the dopamine D2 receptor, thereby enhancing or inhibiting generation of the dopaminergic neurons 
Disclosed is a slim slide bathtub that is suitable for actual use and allows a user to enjoy his/her bathing even in a small bathroom. 
The slim slide bathtub comprises a body separated from the floor of a bathroom to receive bathwater therein, cases secured to a wall surface of the bathroom, a control box connecting upper portions of the cases and provided with a system for actuating the bathtub, and hinge parts disposed between the body and the cases to allow the body to be turnable toward the wall surface of the bathroom upon storage of the body. 
The slim slide bathtub can be folded and attached to a wall surface of a bathroom when not needed, thus enabling optimal utilization of a floor space of the bathroom. 
In addition, since the slim slide bathtub occupies minimized space in a bathroom when it is folded and attached to a wall surface of the bathroom, it is convenient in assembly and use and is easy to install without limitation of installation space. 
Furthermore, the slim slide bathtub has a rigid structure, resulting in improved durability 
The present invention relates to a flexible printed circuit board (FPCB), and more particularly, to an FPCB having a flip chip bonding area with a top layer bump and an inner layer trace aligned therein, wherein the top layer bump and the inner layer trace are formed to overlap with each other in the flip chip bonding area so that pattern alignment can be improved and a flip chip process capability can be enhanced. 
According to the present invention, there is provided a flexible printed circuit board having a flip chip bonding area with a top layer bump and an inner layer trace aligned therein, wherein the top layer bump and the inner layer trace are formed to overlap with each other in the flip chip bonding area, and the width of the inner layer trace is larger than that of the top layer bump. 
That is, the inner layer trace and the top layer bump are formed to be aligned with each other, wherein the inner layer trace is formed to have a width larger than that of the top layer bump 
[PROBLEMS] To provide an aggregate of gelatinous moldings containing a functional component which enables gelatinous moldings produced by using an acrylamide/acrylic acid salt copolymer to remain stably in a container without any liquid leak. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] The aggregate is produced by combining (i) gelatinous moldings produced by using an acrylamide/acrylic acid salt copolymer as the water-absorbing resin with (ii) gelatinous moldings produced by using at least one resin selected from the group consisting of nonionic polyalkylene oxide water-absorbing resins, alkene/maleic anhydride copolymers, and crosslinked polyacrylic acid salts as the water-absorbing resin to prepare an aggregate of gelatinous moldings and making a functional component supported on the aggregate 
A cam follower device has a pair of plate-like rocker arms (17, 17) disposed in parallel with each other, a support shaft (7a) having both ends fixedly press-fitted into support holes (8a, 8a) formed at one end of each rocker arm (17, 17), and a tappet roller (9) supported so as to be rotatable around an intermediate part of the support shaft (7a). 
With the cam follower device assembled in a valve train, the rotatinal motion of a cam (2) formed on a camshaft is transmitted by the tappet roller (9) and the pair of rocker arms (17, 17) to the valve elements (12, 12) which are two intake valves (or exhaust valves), and as a result these two valve elements (12, 12) are reciprocated in the axial direction. 
This configuration can reduce the number of the parts composing the valve train of an engine where the number of at least either the intake valves or the exhaust valves installed in one cylinder is two or more 
The object is to provide an agent for external application, which can rapidly suppress itching on the skin, particularly on the hypersensitive skin. 
Disclosed is an agent for external application to the skin, which is characterized in that a lower alcohol (e.g., ethanol) is not used or, if any, is used in a small amount in combination with capsaicin and crotamiton. 
The agent comprises capsaicin, crotamiton, and a lower alcohol in an amount of not less than 0% by weight and less than 5% by weight. 
Since the agent contains capsaicin and crotamiton but does not contain a lower alcohol or, if any, contains a lower alcohol in only an extremely small amount, the agent can develop an itching-suppressing effect immediately after the application of the agent to the skin 
A variable delay circuit for providing an output signal obtained by delaying an input signal by a designated delay time. 
The variable delay circuit comprises a delay control part that provides a control voltage in accordance with a set value of delay time; a current control MOS transistor that receives the control voltage at its gate and provides a drain current in accordance with the control voltage; a correcting part that is connected in parallel to the source-drain of the current control MOS transistor and provides a correction current that simply decreases as the drain current increases within a range, which is larger than a predetermined boundary current, in a normal use range of the drain current; and a delay element that, in a case where the signal value of an output signal is varied in accordance with an input signal, causes the output signal, which is obtained by adding the correction current to the drain current, to flow between the delay element and the output terminal of the variable delay circuit, thereby providing the output signal having delayed by a time in accordance with the output current 
A speckle pattern is eliminated by using even information on a substantially orthogonal direction (direction of depth) with respect to a plurality of ultrasound images included in three-dimensional image data. 
Three-dimensional CFAR processing, for instance, or two-dimensional CFAR processing and depth-directional operation processing are carried out. 
With the processing, a continuous structure that is continuously three-dimensionally distributed is discriminated from a localized micro structure, so that a micro-structure extracting image is generated 
An MIMO receiver and MIMO communication system which can have a small hardware scale even if the number of antennas used for MIMO communication. 
In a radio communication device (200), a receiving section (220) receives a spatially multiplexed signal generated by mutually-different and spatially multiplexing transmission signals, a first signal demultiplexing section (230) subjects a linear operation to the received spatial multiplexed signal to demultiplex the spatial multiplexed signal, and a second signal demultiplexing section (240) demultiplexes the demultiplexed spatially multiplexed signal into the transmission signals. 
When the received signal is demultiplexed by a single demultiplexing, as the number of multiplexed spatial multiplexed signal increases, the demultiplexer becomes complicated, and the hardware scale increases. 
When the received signal is demultiplexed by a plurality of demultiplexings, the hardware scale is relatively small 
Disclosed is a resin composition excellent in mechanical characteristics and solvent resistance. 
Specifically disclosed is a resin composition (C) containing a polyolefin (A1) and an olefin block polymer (A2), wherein the olefin block polymer (A2) contains a block (a) of a polyolefin component and a block (b) of a polymer residue of a vinyl monomer having a solubility parameter of 18-25 J/m as constituent units, and the block (a) and the block (b) are covalently bonded with each other. 
Also specifically disclosed is a multilayer body having a multilayer structure wherein an olefin polymer layer and a layer composed of another synthetic resin, a metal or the like are firmly bonded with each other via an adhesive layer. 
In this multilayer body, the adhesive layer contains the resin composition (C) 
A digital thermometer (10) includes a temperature measuring device (13) for measuring temperature of an examinee. 
A microprocessor (12) is coupled to the temperature measuring device for processing a sequence of temperature samples measured during a unitary measuring interval and is responsive to the measured temperature samples or a function thereof for determining at least one health property other than temperature of the examinee or for predicting a change in at least one health property of the examinee such as an onset of an abnormal health condition. 
According to one embodiment, volatility of the temperature-time characteristic is used to indicate whether the examinee is healthy or not, even when no fever is registered. 
'Volatility' is a measure of the extent to which temperature samples fluctuate with time, such as the number of temperature rises and falls during the sampling period 
A modified activated carbon and a process for making a modified activated carbon from an activated carbon substrate are disclosed. 
The activated carbon substrate is pre-treated to make an exposed surface of the activated carbon substrate substantially hydrophilic, coated with a carbon precursor to form a coated activated carbon, and then the coated activated carbon substrate is heated to carbonize the carbon precursor to from the modified activated carbon. 
The modified activated carbon comprises a uniform porous carbon membrane formed on an exposed surface of the activated carbon substrate. 
The carbon membrane can mediate the absorption and/or adsorption kinetics of the activated carbon substrate. 
The modified activated carbon, which can be incorporated into one or more components of a cigarette, can selectively remove gaseous constituents from mainstream smoke during smoking 
An apparatus for providing pressure for a well fracturing operation is disclosed. 
The apparatus includes one or more docking areas for docking one or more pumping units to a pressure manifold wherein the one or more docking areas are operable to provide access between one or more pumping units, and a structure operable to enclose the one or more docking areas and pumping units. 
The apparatus includes one or more pumping units, a central fueling system connected to the one or more pumping units, a central power system connected to the one or more pumping units, a central lubrication system connected to the one or more pumping units, and a central cooling system connected to the one or more pumping units 
The invention relates to an element (1) for a lattice frame for the construction of a substantially planar covering surface (2) of a base surface (3), this element (1) of substantially linear shape comprising first (6) and second (7) ends. 
The element comprises first connection means (61) which are defined by first bearing surfaces (62) at its first end (6), and, at its second end (7), second complementary connection means (71) which are designed to cooperate with the first connection means (61) of another element of the same type and which are defined by second bearing surfaces (72). 
The element additionally comprises, in an assembly region (8) situated between the first (6) and second (7) ends, assembly means (82) designed to cooperate with means of complementary shape defined by the connection of other elements of the same type. 
The invention concerns a solid immersion lens made of a material with refractive index n1, having a useful separation diopter (26) with a medium having a refractive index n2, an optical axis, a virtual object focus (A) for a convergent optical beam penetrating the lens through the useful diopter, said virtual object focus (A) being conjugated with a real-image focus (A'). 
The diopter (26) is defined by the equation (3), x, y are the coordinates of a point (I) of the diopter (26) in a mark (A, x, y) originating in the virtual object focus (A) and the x axis of the optical axis (Ax), a is the non-null algebraic distance between the virtual object focus (A) and its conjugate (A'), n is the ratio n1/n2 of the refractive indices. 
The diopter (26) is smooth and the conjugate (A') is located downstream of the useful diopter (26) for the optical beam. 
The invention is in particular useful for recording, reading, reproducing optical data. 
The invention relates to a device for compressing a gaseous medium, more particularly hydrogen, oxygen, helium, nitrogen or argon. 
Said device comprises a) one or more cylinders (1) filled with a liquid (2), b) feed (4) and drain lines (5) for feeding and draining the gaseous medium to and from the cylinder (1), said lines being situated in the vicinity of the upper end position of the liquid column (2), c) at least one liquid line per cylinder (1), said line feeding and draining the liquid (2) that compresses the gaseous medium to and from the cylinder (1), and d) means for modifying the quantity of liquid (2) in the cylinder or cylinders (1). 
According to the invention, the cylinder or cylinders (1) are arranged in such a way that its or their longitudinal axis or axes is/are tilted in relation to the horizontal 
A low-temperature catalytic process for converting biomass (preferably glycerol recovered from the fabrication of bio-diesel) to synthesis gas (i.e., H<SUB>2</SUB>/CO gas mixture) in an endothermic gasification reaction is described. 
The synthesis gas is used in exothermic carbon-carbon bond-forming reactions, such as Fischer-Tropsch, methanol, or dimethylether syntheses. 
The heat from the exothermic carbon-carbon bond-forming reaction is integrated with the endothermic gasification reaction, thus providing an energy-efficient route for producing fuels and chemicals from renewable biomass resources 
The invention provides compositions and methods for planarizing or polishing a substrate. 
The composition comprises an abrasive, iodate ion, a nitrogen-containing compound selected from the group consisting of a nitrogen-containing C<SUB>4-20</SUB> heterocycle and a C<SUB>1-20</SUB> alkylamine, and a liquid carrier comprising water 
Disclosed is a resin composition produced by melt-kneading a white pigment and a wholly aromatic thermotropic liquid crystal polyester. 
The resin composition can retain the excellent heat resistance and moldability of the wholly aromatic thermotropic liquid crystal polyester and have a satisfactory level of white light reflectance. 
The resin composition comprises 35 to 100 parts by weight of a white pigment particle and 100 parts by weight of a wholly aromatic thermotropic liquid crystal polyester, wherein the white pigment particle comprises 3 to 15 mass% of aluminum oxide and 97 to 85 mass% of a white pigment produced by a process including a roasting step and having a surface treated with the aluminum oxide (provided that the sum total of the white pigment and aluminum oxide is defined as 100 mass%). 
The resin composition can be produced by a process including a melt-kneading step 
A switching server (100) judges whether to switch an uplink direction from use of a radio IP network (10A) to use of a radio IP network (10B) on the basis of the acquired communication quality of the uplink direction. 
When judgment is made to switch the uplink direction to use of the radio IP network (10B), the switching server (100) transmits an uplink-direction switching instruction for instructing switching to the use of the radio IP network (10B) to an MN (300) 
Disclosed is a photosensitive resin composition containing at least a resin represented by the following structural formula (1), or [R<SUP>1</SUP>-R<SUP>5</SUP>: H or an alkyl group having 1-5 carbon atoms in total; L<SUP>1</SUP>-L<SUP>3</SUP>: a divalent linking group; X<SUP>1</SUP>: an ester group, an amide group or an arylene group; X<SUP>2</SUP>: an ether group, an ester group, an amide group, an arylene group or a heterocyclic residue; Rf a substituent containing fluorine; n = 2-20, a = 0-40, b = 1-40, c = 20-98 (mass ratio) 
[PROBLEMS] To improve emission luminance of a light emitting device. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] A light emitting device is composed of a base body (1) having an opening (1p) composed of a light reflecting surface (1r) and a bottom surface (1u); a light emitting element (2) mounted on the bottom surface (1u) of the opening (1p); a translucent member (3) covering the light emitting element (2); and an optical member (4) arranged on the translucent member (3). 
The translucent member (3) is arranged on the bottom surface (1u) of the opening (1p) separated from the light reflecting surface (1r) of the opening (1p) 
A steel sheet for containers, which is obtained by forming on the surface of a steel sheet an Ni plating layer containing Ni in an amount of 5 to 150mg/m<SUP>2</SUP> or an Fe-Ni alloy plating layer containing Ni in an amount of 5 to 150mg/m<SUP>2</SUP>,<SUP/>forming an Sn plating layer of 300 to 3000 mg/m<SUP>2</SUP> on the Ni or Fe-Ni alloy plating layer, subjecting the resulting sheet to tin melting treatment to convert the whole or part of the Ni or Fe-Ni alloy plating layer and part of the Sn plating layer into an alloy with the metallic Sn plating layer remaining partially, and forming, on the resulting plating layer made of alloyed Sn and remaining metallic Sn, two or more of a Zr layer of 1 to 500mg/m<SUP>2</SUP> in terms of metallic Zr, a phosphate layer of 0.1 to 100mg/m<SUP>2</SUP> in terms of P, and a phenol resin layer of 0.1 to 100mg/m<SUP>2 </SUP>in terms of C 
ABSTRACT To provide a method for smoothing a surface of a glass substrate having a concave defect, such as a pit or a scratch. 
A method for smoothing a surface of a glass substrate having a concave defect thereon, comprising: forming a film on the surface of the glass substrate having the concave defect by a dry deposition method, the film comprising a glass material having a fluid point Tf of 150 C or above and of not higher than a strain point Ts ( C) of the glass substrate; and heating the film of the glass material at a temperature of not lower than Tf and not higher than Ts to put the film in such state that the film of the glass material can flow so as to bury the concave defect, followed by cooling the film of the glass material, thereby to smooth the surface of the glass substrate having the concave defect 
A movable element which can achieve miniaturization of submicron level, high speed operation, simplification of fabrication process, cost reduction, and high reliability simultaneously. 
The movable element has a basic structure comprising a lower electrode and a basic conductive layer secured onto a substrate, respectively, an elastic shaft of carbon nanotube standing with the lower end secured onto the basic conductive layer, and an upper structural body including an upper electrode secured to the upper end of the elastic shaft while spaced apart from the lower electrode, wherein the upper electrode is displaced from the lower electrode by Coulomb force acting between the both electrodes within an allowable range of elastic deformation of the elastic shaft 
The present invention relates to a roof stabilization system. 
The invention provides a tarpaulin reinforcement means and/or a tarpaulin for use as a stabilizer and which may prevent at least partly the deformation of freight trucks, trailers and/or trucks. 
The tarpaulin reinforcement means and/or the tarpaulin is characterized in that it is provided with reinforcement threads which reinforcement threads are provided at least in the bias direction, i.e., at an angle different from 90°, and/or in the longitudinal direction, i.e., at an angle of 0° 
Apparatus (1 ) for ironing parts of shoes (100) of a type comprising at least one moving ironing head (7; 107) provided with at least one pressing element (10a, 10b; 110) and at least one hand grip (8a, 8b; 108a, 108b) for manually moving the latter, at least one corresponding support last (3a, 3b, 4; 5a, 5b, 6; 103a, 103b, 104) for a shoe, movable relative to said ironing head, as well as means (1 17) for moving the support last and manual controls (11a, 11b; 111a, 111b) for controlling said moving means. 
The apparatus is characterised in that the manual controls for controlling said moving means are placed on the moving ironing head 
There is described a method and an apparatus for controlling gain adjustment in an amplification stage including an amplifier comprising the steps of : muting an input to the amplifier; and whilst the input is muted, adjusting the amplifier gain. 
The step of adjusting the gain of the amplifier comprises a step adjustment. 
The step of muting the input to the amplifier comprises ramping down the input to the amplifier. 
The present invention relates to non-aqueos agrochemical formulations comprising (a) at least one pesticide; (b) at least one organic solvent; and (c) a mixture comprising a non-ionic distyrylphenol alkoxylate and a ionic distyrylphenol alkoxylate 
In a method, system and program product for approximating/estimating computer resource consumption of a computer system, a more efficient or reduced computer work gradient matrix (hereinafter "matrix") is first built. 
This occurs by creating load measurements for a set of computer resource metrics of the computer system to analyze dependencies between different computer resource metrics. 
Then, a correlation matrix between the set of computer resource metrics is created based on the dependencies. 
The set of computer system resource metrics in the correlation matrix is thereafter clustered into a set of clusters, and a reduced matrix is built based thereon. Once the reduced matrix is built, it can be restored to a "full" matrix using linear transformation or the like 
The present invention relates to a multi-layer sheet of polycarbonate with a base layer of a transparent polycarbonate and with a transparent polymeric particle with an optical density different from that of polycarbonate, and with at least one coextrusion layer comprising a UV absorber from the class of the bismalonates 
An advertising media includes a shell, a MCU (104) arranged in the shell, a memory (101), a power module (106), a speaker module (105) and a data interface (108) disposed on the shell. 
The data interface, the memory, the power module and the speaker module are connected with the MCU electrically. 
A system of using the advertising media includes the media (204), a computer terminal (301) for writing data, a system of information management center (302) and a wireless signal transmitting station (303). 
The information is written into the media by the computer terminal and the media receives signals sent by the wireless signal transmitting station. 
The information is send to the system of information management center, while it is written into the media. 
The method of using the advertising media includes writing the information into the media, delivering the media to the passengers, the media alarming at the set time and recycling the media 
The invention relates to a method and device for bending flat metal workpieces (b), especially sheet steel, by air bending over edges along a bending line and at straight, linear movement of the tool, the bending edges being arranged in parallel to the longitudinal direction of the sheet and the tool being displaced along the width of the sheet. 
The method according to the invention is characterized by the following steps: inserting a punch (a) between the bending edges of a swage die (c), holding the punch (a) at the lowest position of the bend, applying a compressive stress in order to level out the stresses in the shaping zone produced by bending and incrementally superimposing the tensile stress with a compressive stress that is effective along the bending line in the direction of the sheet width of the bent workpiece (b), the tool producing the compressive stress being displaced along the bending line in the direction of the sheet width. 
The bending device according to the invention is characterized by comprising, arranged between the swage die sets and below the punch (a), a carriage that can be displaced in the direction of the bending axis (i.e. in the sheet width) and that comprises a pressure roller (d). Said pressure roller is effective in the punch axis and has a groove in the plane of intersection with the punch axis 
The present invention generally relates to methods for the preparation of compounds that contain imidazole moieties. 
In some embodiments, the methods include the reaction of a diamine with a dichloroimmonium compound to produce the imidazole moiety. 
In some embodiments, the methods are employed to prepare compounds having the Formulas II, II or III below: I II III wherein the constituent variables are as described herein 
An immobilizer system begins authentication of an identification device in response to an external triggering event. 
The external triggering event occurs prior to engagement with a reader module within the vehicle. 
Authorization commences prior to engagement to the reader module and continues after engagement with the reader module to reduce perceived authentication wait time 
Antibodies directed to the antigen ANGPTL4 and uses of such antibodies. 
In accordance with the teachings herein, there are provided fully human monoclonal antibodies directed to the antigen ANGPTL4. Nucleotide sequences encoding, and amino acid sequences comprising, heavy and light chain immunoglobulin molecules, particularly sequences corresponding to contiguous heavy and light chain sequences spanning the framework regions and/or complementarity determining regions (CDR' s), specifically from FR1 through FR4 or CDR1 through CDR3, are provided. Hybridomas or other cell lines expressing such immunoglobulin molecules and monoclonal antibodies are also provided 
Techniques are described that facilitate generating useful content based on user interactions, such as by providing an answer-providing service that facilitates interactions between users who supply questions and users who supply responses to the questions of other users, as well as using the generated content in various ways. 
In some situations, users are incentivized to participate in interactions with the answer-providing service in various ways, including by assessing and using levels of expertise of the users, such as for one or more categories and in a manner relative to other users. 
For example, the users with the highest levels of expertise and past participation may be incentivized to continue participating with the system in various ways, including by assigning one or more enhanced incentive levels to at least some such users, and then providing additional benefits of various types to users having such enhanced status 
A method is provided for determining a central aortic pressure waveform. 
The method includes: measuring two or more peripheral artery pressure waveforms; analyzing the signals so as to extract common features in the measured waveforms; and determining an absolute central aortic pressure waveform based on the common features. 
Disclosed are a polymer compound represented by the general formula (1) below and a method for producing such a polymer compound. 
Also disclosed are a pigment dispersing agent containing such a polymer compound, a pigment dispersion composition, a photocurable composition, a color filter and a method for producing a color filter. 
[Chemical formula 1] [R<SUP>1</SUP>: (m+n)-valent organic linking group; R<SUP>2</SUP>: a single bond or a divalent linking group; A<SUP>1</SUP>: a monovalent organic group containing at least one moiety selected from a group having an organic dye structure, a heterocyclic structure, an acidic group or a basic hydrogen atom, a urea group, a urethane group, a group having a coordinating oxygen atom, a hydrocarbon group having 4 or more carbon atoms, an alkoxysilyl group, an epoxy group, an isocyanate group and a hydroxyl group; m = 1-8, n = 2-9 (m + n = 3-10); P<SUP>1</SUP>: a polymer backbone 
Disclosed is an adhesive optical film having a satisfactory durability even when an adhesive layer is formed thin. 
Specifically disclosed is an adhesive optical film having an adhesive layer on at least one side of an optical film, wherein the adhesive layer is composed of an adhesive which contains, as a monomer component, 3-10% by weight of a heterocyclic ring-containing acrylic monomer, 0.5-5% by weight of a carboxyl group-containing monomer, 0.05-2% by weight of a hydroxyl group-containing monomer and 83-96.45% by weight of an alkyl (meth)acrylate, while further containing a (meth)acrylic polymer having a weight average molecular weight of 1,500,000-2,800,000 and a crosslinking agent 
The first object of the present invention is to provide a blue phosphorescent light-emitting organic electroluminescent (EL) device driven at low voltage, and a display and illuminating device each using such an organic EL device. 
The second object of the present invention is to provide an organic EL device having long life, and an illuminating device and display each using such an organic EL device. 
Each organic EL device comprises an electrode and at least one organic layer on a substrate, and at least one of the organic layers is a light-emitting layer containing a host compound and a phosphorescent compound. 
In order to accomplish the first object, the host compound has an HOMO of from -7.20 to -5.42 eV and an LUMO of from -2.30 to -0.50 eV, and the phosphorescent compound is represented by the general formula (1). 
In order to accomplish the second object, the host compound is an electron-transporting host compound having an excited triplet energy T1 of not less than 2.7 eV, and the phosphorescent compound has an HOMO of from -5.15 to -3.50 eV and an LUMO of from -1.25 to +1.00 eV 
This invention provides a method and apparatus for detecting a very small amount of a substance by surface-enhanced Raman scattering (SERS), which can realize excellent practicality and rapid observation. 
The method for detecting a very small amount of a substance by surface-enhanced Raman scattering comprises the step of mixing an analyte and a previously provided metal fine particle colloid to prepare a mixture for placing in a blind pipe in which a metal mass is provided in its blind part, the step of pouring the mixture of the analyte with the metal fine particle colloid into the blind pipe, and the step of applying a laser beam to a part around a solid-liquid interface where the mixture in the blind pipe is in contact with the blind part metal mass to observe Raman scattered light. 
The apparatus can realize the method 
An ultrasonograph for accurately measuring the IMT value by an ultrasonic wave. 
The ultrasonograph comprises a transmitting section (1) for applying an ultrasonic pulse, a receiving section (2) for receiving ultrasonic echo signals reflected from the inside of the subject and converting them into an electric signal, an amplitude information processing section (5) for processing the amplitude information on the ultrasonic echo signals, a phase information processing section (6) for processing the phase information on the ultrasonic echo signals, a boundary position detecting section (7) for determining the distribution of the boundary position of the blood stream and the tunica intima and the boundary position of the tunica media and the tunica adventitia on the basis of at least one processing result sent out of the amplitude information processing section and at least one processing result sent out of the phase information processing section, and an IMT value computing section (9) for computing the IMT value of a blood vessel from the boundary position of the blood stream and the tunica intima and the boundary position of the tunica media and the tunica adventitia 
An electric power steering device where, when an electric motor is stopped while steering assistance force is generated by the motor, steering conditions and traveling conditions of a vehicle are detected to generate optimum electromagnetic braking force. 
The electric power steering device has steering torque detection means for detecting steering torque transmitted to a steering system, the electric motor for generating steering assistance force for the steering system, and motor control means for controlling the motor based on at least the steering torque. 
The electric steering device further has motor stop condition detection means (Step S11) for detecting a condition for stopping the motor while the electric motor is controlled by the motor control means and electromagnetic brake controlling means (Step S13-S32) for controlling the electric motor by electromagnetic braking, where the control of the electric motor is made when the result detected by the motor stop condition detection means is a condition at which the electric motor is stopped and also the control of the electric motor is performed so as to minimize kickback based on at least either a state where the steering system is operated or a state where the vehicle is traveling 
The present invention is concerned with new pharmaceutically acceptable salts of valacyclovir, polymorphic forms, processes for preparing the new pharmaceutically acceptable salts and new polymorphic forms, pharmaceutical compositions containing the same, therapeutic uses thereof and methods of treatment employing the same 
User equipment (UE) in a cellular telecommunications system is operated such that the UE is caused to begin operating in a power saving state by determining that a first set of predefined criteria have been satisfied and is caused to leave the power saving state by determining that a second set of predefined criteria have been satisfied. 
Determining that the second set of predefined criteria have been satisfied includes making a plurality o f signal qualit y measurements of a signal received from a serving cell during power saving state; determining which of the plurality of signal quality measurements represents a best one of the signal qualit y measurements; determining a threshold value as a function of the best one of the signal quality measurements; and determining that the second set of predefined criteria have been satisfied if a current signal quality measurement satisfies a predefined relationship with respect to the threshold value 
The invention relates to a method for measuring a two-dimensional or three-dimensional flow field (50), said method comprising the following steps: (a) the local flow speed of the flow field (50) is measured in a plurality of determined locations and/or at a plurality of defined times, in order to obtain temporally and spatially determined measuring values (6); (b) the measuring values (6) are interpolated in local regions in which a measurement has not been carried out, by means of a local interpolation method run in the evaluation unit and based on a fluid dynamic model; and/or (c) the measuring values (6) are temporally interpolated at instants during which a measurement has not been carried out, by means of a temporal interpolation method run in an evaluation unit and based on a fluid dynamic model; and (d) the interpolated measuring values (7) and/or derived characteristics are represented as a one-dimensional or multi-dimensional flow field. 
The model is based on a formulation of the Navier Stokes equation, which describes the Poisson equation for the flow and transport of vortexes. 
Measured speed values and the gradients thereof suffice as a basis for the interpolation 
A seat member (25) comprises a seat component, e.g., a seat pan (26), formed of a plastic material, such as reinforced polyamide, and defining a recess in which a sus-pension (28) is disposed that may be formed of a wire pad or an elastic body 
The method treats a cellulose suspension (1) which has a disruptive proportion of vessel cells. 
The latter are treated in a loading process (2) in such a way that fillers which accumulate on the vessel cells are formed by a chemical reaction. 
Said fillers can be removed subsequently by centrifugal forces, for example in hydrocyclones (9) 
Disclosed are a Mg-slag brick with high strength and method for preparing the same, the brick is prepared from, part by weight, reduced Mg-slag 60-80, broken stone 15-25, gypsum 1-15, lime 3-15 and water which is 10-40% of sum of above solid raw materials, and the method comprises steps of mixing, adding water, stirring, natural stacking, press molding, steam curing and natural drying. 
Said gypsum can be made from exhaust gas released during magnesium making, and a cinder produced in the magnesium making can be used as the raw material. 
The Mg-slag brick reduces the burden of industrial waste slag on the environment and provides a new material for building engineering. 
The method, which could prepare the bricks that meet the criteria of construction in shorter time, is simple and convenient to be carried out, and combines conception of environment protection with high economic benefit 
The invention discloses a method and system to transmit the signal in multi-antenna communication. 
The method includes: set M transmitting antennas in the transmitter of MIMO system; the transmitter transmits k parallel signal with k transmitting antennas in every symbol period of TTI through space multiplexing, and a or plurality of the remaining M-K antennas is/are used to transmit signal, and K<M. The present invention makes remaining transmitting antennas to code by STC to obtain diversity gain according to the feedback transmitting antenna number less than the maximum of the available number of transmitting antennas in SCW mode. 
The invention also discloses an automatic retransmission method in multi-antenna system 
A selected mapping method for improving the PAPR performance of OFDM signals in an DFDM mobile communication system includes: series to parallel converting input signal sequences by the transmitting terminal, and performing the following processes on each of the converted parallel signals: multiplying the parallel signal by a corresponding sequence element of a set of fixed sequences; combining the multiplied result with the associated information of the corresponding sequence element; performing Inverse Fast FourierTransformation on the combined signal sequence; calculating the Peak- to- Average Power Ratios of the transformed results of the previous processes on each of the parallel signals by the transmitting terminal separately; and selecting and transmitting one parallel signal transformed result with a smallest Peak- to- Average Power Ratio according to the calculated results 
A multipole linear ion trap system and method of manufacturing such system with electrodes all-in-one are provided. 
The system comprise two or more sets of electrode assembly, wherein each of the electrode assembly defines a portion of a ion trap and is connected to RF and DC source, and a pair of end electrodes (5,6). 
The method of manufacturing electrodes all-in-one comprise processing an non-metallic substrate, covering a metal film on the surface of substrate, and removing a part of metal film on the insulation area. 
A scheme to developing the mass analyzer and the mass spectrographs with wide applications, multifunction, making easily and low cost is provided 
A system and method for a terminal processing indication is provided by the present invention, the method comprises: when communication network originates a paging flow to a terminal in idle mode, a reason for originating the paging flow is determined; a paging reason identifier is set to indicate the reason for originating the paging flow according to the determined paging reason and the paging reason identifier is added to a paging informing message that will be sent to a base station; a corresponding terminal action indication is set according to the paging reason identifier received by the base station and is sent to the terminal via a broadcast paging message. 
In addition, the method and apparatus and system for the terminal processing are provided by the present invention. 
The system and method for the terminal processing indication provided by the present invention are capable of indicating the terminal to continue the reasonable sequent processing flow according to the paging reason and capable of the terminal processing more current and capable of improving the network efficiency and capable of optimizing network resource 
The present invention discloses a single feed internal antenna with multi-band which employs the single feed line structure and is capable of receiving and transmitting multi-band signals. 
The antenna according to the present invention utilizes a structure of a planar patch plus a metal strip to form a first and a second low frequency radiation bands; a high frequency resonant element is mounted in an inside space of the structure of the planar patch plus the metal strip; with the optimization of the structure and position designing, while forming the third radiation frequency, the first and second resonant frequencies are made to approach to each other so as to effectively widen the bandwidth of the antenna. 
Due to the effective utilization of the inside space of the structure to adjust and form the receiving and transmitting of the multi-band signals, the antenna may reduce the space occupied inside a mobile phone. 
At each operation point, the impedance characteristics thereof are uniform with simple feed circuit, achieving good matching performance and cost reduction 
According to the present invention, a method for accessing a parent page while browsing web pages is provided, which comprises steps of: receiving by a server a request from a user to extract a web page; when extracting the web page, updating by the server an "UP" list according to a parent-children-relation markup pre-stored in a page link to the web page, and entering into the web page linked by the page link; when requesting by the user the parent page, obtaining by the server the current "UP" list for the user to extract the parent page. 
The present invention is directed to process for the preparation of metabolites as well as the parent compound of N-(2-chloro-6-methylphenyl)-2-[[6-[4-(2-hydroxyethyl)-1-piperazinyl]-2-methyl-4-pyrimidinyl]amino]-5-thiazolecarboxamide, the compound of formula (I) 
A method for treating onychomycosis of a nail of an animal, which comprises a topical application of a solution to said nail, wherein said solution is comprised of at least one chemical agent capable of chelating iron metal ions 
In a digital Cartesian modulation transmitter, an encoder generates 1-bit logic signals from in-phase and quadrature signals. 
A single bit digital modulator multiplexes the 1-bit logic signals for Cartesian I/Q modulation. A digital upconverter (DUG) upconverts the multiplexed 1-bit logic signal. 
A digital power amplifier (DPA) generates a radio frequency (RF) signal based on the upconverted signal. 
In a digital polar modulation transmitter, an encoder converts a magnitude signal to a first 1-bit logic signal. 
A digital phase modulator modulates a carrier using a phase signal to generate a second 1-bit logic signal. 
A DUC upconverts the second 1-bit logic signal. A first-in first-out (FIFO) memory stores the first 1-bit logic signal. 
A combiner combines angle information contained in the second 1-bit logic signal with magnitude information contained in the first 1-bit logic signal stored in the FIFO memory. 
A DPA generates an RF signal based on the combined signal 
Embodiments of the present invention provide translating gates having at least one cooperating stiffener assembly and related, apparatus, systems, methods and computer program products. 
The translating gates with at least one stiffener assembly may be particularly suitable for non-pivoting clippers, such as, for example, stationary-mount clippers. 
The stiffener assembly can be configured to stiffen, brace and/or otherwise keep the gate assembly tightly closed during a clipping operation 
A method to expose information about a set of data objects to a master device is provided. 
A benchmark sequence indicator is used in connection with a set of sequence indicators that are each related to data objects (such as media files on a device) to satisfy multiple independent requests for information about certain objects that satisfy sequence criteria conveyed from multiple requesting applications. 
An embodied data structure includes a set of properties associated with a data object as well as a sequence-identification field that also corresponds to the data object and that is populated with an object sequence indicator that indicates when a change occurred to the data object 
A method includes displaying a reference polar coordinate system (500) on a display screen (106), and displaying a radiation pattern image (600) on the display screen (106) in juxtaposition with the displayed reference polar coordinate system (500). 
In another aspect, an angled line (1102) is drawn on a display screen (106) to represent the proposed layout of a leaky coaxial cable (900). 
A point of interest (1116) is selected that is spaced from the proposed cable layout, and one of the segments (1104) of the cable (900) is determined as likely to produce a dominant level of irradiation with respect to the point of interest (1116) 
A food or supplement for pregnant women comprising water soluble, non-digestible saccharides is described. 
The composition is used to improve the flora and/or immune system o f the pregnant women, to improve the immune system of the infant and to improve the intestinal flora of the infant after birth 
Disclosed is a method wherein propylene, isobutylene or a tertiary butanol is catalytically oxidized with molecular oxygen in a vapor phase for producing corresponding unsaturated aldehyde and unsaturated carboxylic acid. 
This method enables to use a catalyst for a long time. 
Specifically disclosed is a method wherein propylene, isobutylene or a tertiary butanol as a raw material is catalytically oxidized with molecular oxygen in a vapor phase in the presence of a catalyst, which is composed of a complex oxide essentially containing molybdenum, bismuth and iron, for producing corresponding unsaturated aldehyde and unsaturated carboxylic acid. 
In this method, the reaction pressure and/or the molar ratio between oxygen and the raw material are controlled so that the reaction rate of the raw material is kept constant at a certain level within a temperature range of not less than (TA - 15)°C and not more than TA °C with TA °C being the boundary temperature of the activation energy of the catalyst 
An information display device (100) has a mobile-body-information acquisition section (101), a transportation-means-information acquisition section (102), and a display section (103). 
The mobile-body-information acquisition section (101) acquires information on conditions of movement of a mobile body. 
The transportation-means- information acquisition section (102) acquires information on operating conditions of transportation means operating in the periphery of a movement route of the mobile body. 
The display section (103) displays on a real-time basis, along with the information on the conditions of movement acquired by the mobile-body-information acquisition section (101), the information on the operating conditions acquired by the transportation-means-information acquisition section (102) 
A selecting section (101) selects either map display mode or general screen display mode. 
A screen arranging section (102) directs the long side of a display screen (104) in the vertical direction when the map display mode is selected by the selecting section (101). 
When the general screen display mode is selected by the selecting section (101), the display screen (104) is arranged by having the long side of the display screen (104) in the horizontal direction. 
When the map display mode is selected by the selecting section (101), a display section (103) extracts an area having the long side of the display screen (104) in the vertical direction on the display screen (104) from map information and displays the area on the display screen (104) 
A position registration section (100) acquires, by using an acquisition section (101), information on movement conditions that represents movement conditions of a mobile body, and a position specifying section (102) specifies the current position of the mobile body based on the movement condition information and map information. 
Then, when it is specified by a destination setting section (103) that the current position of the mobile body is a point veered off a road in a predetermined area and is a place other than the road and then determined by a parking determination section (104) that the mobile body is parked, a registration section (105) registers in a storage section (not shown) the veering-off point on the road as the position of the entrance of a parking lot at a destination 
A CPU performs a gray-scale value slope computation processing of, e. g., an R signal at step S10, performs isotropic variation feature value computation processing from the gray-scale value slope computed at step S11, and performs a polyp candidate detection processing to create a polyp candidate image (26) in a position where a polyp is present by using the isotropic variation feature value computed at step S12. 
Thus, the detection of the position where a luminal abnormal tissue is present is improved 
A CPU performs a polyp candidate detecting processing at step S4 so as to process a thinning image (25) for each label value, superposes the processing results on a polyp candidate image (26), and creates a poly candidate labeling image where the polyp candidate edges are labeled. 
The polyp candidate labeling image created by superposing the polyp candidate image (26) on an original imago (22) is displayed on a display. 
Thus, the positions of the polyp candidates on the image can be easily recognized, and the detection accuracy of the luminal abnormal tissue can be improved 
A rubber composition for carcass plies and/or belts which comprises a rubber component comprising 30 to 90% by weight of natural rubber and 10 to 70% by weight of an epoxidized natural rubber and a filler comprising at least 80% by weight of silica and which is freed from the problems of concern for the environment and future reduction in petroleum supply and exhibits adhesiveness not inferior to that of a rubber composition containing a raw material resulting from petroleum as the main component; carcass plies and/or belts made by using the composition; and a process for the production of the composition. 
It is preferable that the process comprise the step (1) of kneading natural rubber and silica together and the step (2) of kneading the kneaded mixture discharged from the step (1) and an epoxidized natural rubber together 
In a fuel cell separator, an iron-based hydrous oxide film (24) is formed on a passive film (22) of the SUS separator base material (20), which is the surface of the peripheral portion of the SUS separator base material (20), by performing cathodic electrolytic treatment in an alkaline solution to the surface of the peripheral portion of the SUS separator base material (20), excluding a gas flow channel, and furthermore, a water-soluble electrodeposited resin layer (26) is formed on the iron-based hydrous oxide film (24) 
A connection device (1) connects a host device (10) to communication modules (21, 22, 23). 
The connection device (10) includes storage means (151a) containing a telephone number while correlating it to connection destination information required for network connection, and a connection control unit (121). 
Upon reception of a connection request containing a telephone number from a host device (10), the connection control unit (121) acquires connection destination information from the storage means (151a) according to the telephone number and performs a network connection process by using the connection destination information 
Present invention relates to a method to determine the genotype of organisms by RAPD analysis and more specifically, to establish the relatedness of individual organisms across and within species. 
RAPD uses genotypic information of an organism to give an organism specific DNA fragment of different sizes. 
The present invention provide methods and a set of oligonucleotide primers for performing amplification and other enzymatic reactions on nucleic acid molecules that have been collected directly as environmental DNA or DNA derived form pure isolates. 
More specifically, the present invention relates to a novel method of genetic analysis using a set of sub-sequence, which occurs as inverted repeats in different genome with different frequencies. 
All bacterial cultures used in this study have been isolated from activated biomass collected from effluent treatment plants. 
The bacteria have been sub-cultured repeatedly to obtain pure cultures. 
All plating has been carried out on Luria Broth plates with 2% agar. 
The 16S rRNA gene has been amplified using universal primers to confirm the eubacterial nature of the isolates. 
The primers used to amplify a 1466-bp product were 27F forward primer 5'- AGAGTTTGATCMTGGCTCAG-3' and 1492 reverse primer 5'- TACGGYTACCTTGTTACGACTT-Hence, in defined conditions two genome samples could be differentiated from each other. 
These features are applicable to DNA fingerprinting, marker assisted selection, genotyping, and high throughput laboratory screening methods for culturable microbes from any environmental niche 
The invention discloses a method and a system for determining insurance costs for a driver of a vehicle (100) comprising monitoring the location of the vehicle whilst it is being driven by the driver, monitoring parameters associated with the vehicle whilst it is being driven by the driver, generating a driver profile (400) that indicates the driving style of the driver based upon the location of the vehicle (100) and the parameters associated with the vehicle whilst it is being driven and determining insurance costs or charges using the driver profile. 
Determining costs associated with how a driver drives enables a driver to pay more fairly determined costs based on how well they drive, as they will not have to pay extra money for drivers who do not drive as well as them 
The present invention relates to a modular kit for use in football training. 
The kit comprises a number of parts that may be used together in differing combinations to provide various objects that are of use in the training and assessment of footballers. 
The kit may be assembled and disassembled at any particular location, thereby making it portable. 
The kit provides elements allowing different apparatus to be assembled for the development and assessment of different football skills. 
Moreover, the portable nature of the kit means that the training and assessment it wholly reproducible form location to location 
A method of source code instrumentation for computer program performance profiling includes generating (14) and inserting (19) instrumentation code around a call site of a child function in a parent function. 
The instrumentation code may use a reference to an unique instrumentation record (13), such as a timing record. 
The instrumentation code may be optimised (15) to use the exit time of a preceding call site in the parent function as the entry time of the call site. 
It may be inserted depending on the level in the call hierarchy of the child function and its execution at run time may depend on the state of an enable flag, which can be set via a viewing interface. 
Two versions of the child function may be generated (18), one being instrumented and other being non- instrumented and which one is run depends on the enable flag 
A process is provided in which a first device, e.g. a hub device (2) of a home network (1), is temporarily provided with a SIM (20) to store a challenge-response, and thereafter the first device (2) uses the stored challenge-response to interrogate a second device e.g. a mobile telephone (2), to authenticate that the second device (12) now has the SIM (20) that the first device (2) was previously provided with. 
A further process is provided in which the second device (12) authenticates that the first device (2) previously had access to the SIM (20) by verifying that a response from one or more challenge-response pairs provided by the first device (2) to the second device (12) is the same as a response received by the second device (12) from the SIM (20) when the second device (12) interrogates the SIM (20) with the challenge of the challenge-response pair received earlier from the first device (2) 
A filter element having a longitudinally extending core and a wrapper (8) engaged around the core, wherein the core comprises filtration material (6) and optionally a particulate material (7) interspersed in the filtration material, and the wrapper (8) comprises a particulate material (9) adhered to two or more portions of said wrapper (8) wherein at least one of said two or more portions extends over the full longitudinal length of said wrapper. 
Also taught herein is a smoking article comprising said filter element and/or filter comprising said filter element 
The invention relates to a vehicle comprising at least one assembled entity, comprising a wheel and a tyre, and an element partially consisting of polymeric masses, the said assembled entity comprising at least one measurement system for measuring a physical parameter pertaining to the tyre wirelessly using surface acoustic wave or volume acoustic wave technology, at least one region of the said element being at a constant distance from the assembled entity when the vehicle is in use. 
According to the invention, an interrogation antenna is associated with the said region of the said element. 
The invention also proposes a use of a measurement system in an assembled entity 
The invention provides a corrosion inhibiting pigment comprising nanoscale reservoirs (nanoreservoirs) of corrosion inhibitor for active corrosion protection of metallic products and structures, wherein the nanoreservoirs comprise a polymer or polyelectrolyte shell which is sensitive to a specific trigger and capable to release said inhibitor after action of said trigger. 
Also provided by the present invention are an anti-corrosive coating with self-healing properties comprising said pigment, methods for preparing said pigment, in particular by layer-by-layer deposition, as well as methods of use of said pigment 
The invention relates to a method for comminuting natural or synthetic mineral products that have a size of 10 nm to 30 mm and are pre-crushed in a process located upstream or in a bed cylinder crusher. 
According to said method, the solid materials are first further crushed in a dry state in a continuous work process and are then moistened with liquid and are very finely ground with said liquid so as to obtain a suspension that can be pumped, whereupon the suspension is ground to the desired final fineness by means of stirring mills 
A system using face and iris image capture for recognition of people. 
The system may have wide field-of-view, medium field-of-view and narrow field-of-view cameras to capture images of a scene of people, faces and irises for processing and recognition. 
Matching of the face and iris images with images of a database may be a basis for recognition and identification of a subject person 
Techniques to improve the standby time of a station in a wireless network are described. 
An access point may advertise or convey a maximum listen interval and/or an association timeout supported by that access point. A station may operate in a power-save mode and may wake up every listen interval to receive a beacon and any potential traffic for the station. 
The station may select a suitable listen interval based on the maximum listen interval. The station may be dormant for a longer duration than the listen interval and may become active at least once in every association timeout in order to keep the association with the access point alive. 
The access point may also send broadcast and multicast traffic that might be of interest to stations in the power-save mode less frequently and using a special indication message 
The document provides methods and materials related to assessing NAFLD in a mammal. 
For example, methods and materials for determining whether or not a mammal has an NAFLD are provided. 
In addition, methods and materials for determining whether a mammal with an NAFLD has a severe or mild form of the NAFLD as well as methods and materials for determining whether a mammal with an NAFLD is likely to experience a severe or mild form of the NAFLD are provided 
A system and method of providing advertising information from a database of advertising listings using a short, easy to remember alphanumeric identifying code associated each listing. 
The codes are promoted through various known advertising methods. 
A consumer, upon observing the ad and the code, can obtain additional information regarding the subject matter of the ad by accessing the system and entering the code. 
The system receives the request and the code from the consumer and transmits the listing of interest to the consumer. 
In order to keep the codes short while still providing a large number of listings, each code may be associated with multiple listings. 
The system may filter the listings associated with a requested code using various data, and may also transmit to the consumer a list of such listings from which the consumer may select the listing of interest 
The present invention relates to gasoline or a gasoline and ethanol blend fuel compositions that have improved oxidation stability. 
More specifically, the gasoline or a gasoline and ethanol blend fuel compositions include at least one antioxidant that increases the oxidative stability of the fuel. 
The gasoline or a gasoline and ethanol blend fuel compositions may also include an antioxidant mixture, or an antioxidant mixture in combination with a polar and/or nonpolar solvent, that increases the oxidative stability of the fuel 
A gas distribution arrangement configured to provide a process gas downstream to a plasma tube of a plasma processing chamber. 
The plasma tube has a top end. 
The arrangement includes a body having a first end. 
The first end has a width larger than the plasma tube and a protrusion end adapted to be inserted into the top end. 
The arrangement also includes a gas inlet vertically disposed in the body. 
The gas inlet extends from the first end toward the protrusion end and the gas inlet terminates before extending through the protrusion end. 
The arrangement further includes a plurality of directional inlet channels extending from a lower end of the gas inlet through the protrusion end 
A plasma generation arrangement configured to provide plasma downstream to a plasma processing chamber. 
The arrangement includes a microwave waveguide assembly having a longitudinal axis parallel with a first axis. 
The arrangement also includes a plasma tube assembly intersecting the microwave waveguide assembly. 
The plasma tube assembly has a longitudinal axis parallel with a second axis that is substantially orthogonal with the first axis. 
The plasma tube assembly also has a plasma-sustaining region defined by an upstream plurality of plasma traps and a downstream plurality of plasma traps 
A card and reader system is provided enabling larger storage capacity and faster data transmission. 
The card is configured in a Smart Card or SIM card format and communicates with either standard Smart Card readers or specially configured readers capable of higher data transmission speeds. 
Eliminating the processor from the card and including it in the reader allows the cost of the card to be reduced. 
A software driver installed in existing Smart Card readers enables the additional storage capability of the card to be concealed from the reader, thereby eliminating a need to replace readers already deployed 
Disclosed herein is a battery module including two or more plate-shaped battery cells, as unit cells, constructed in a stacked structure in which electrode terminals of the battery cells are connected in series with each other and the electrode terminal connections are bent such that the battery cells are stacked, and a pair of high-strength cell covers for surrounding the outer surfaces of the battery cells when the cell covers are coupled with each other. 
The present invention has the effect of easily mounting a sensing unit that is capable of minimizing the weight and size of battery cells while effectively reinforcing the low mechanical strength of the battery cells and sensing the operation state of the battery cells to a battery module. 
In addition, the present invention has the effect of manufacturing the battery module by a simple assembly process without using a plurality of members for mechanical coupling and electrical connection, thereby decreasing the manufacturing costs of the battery module, and effectively preventing the battery module from being short-circuited or damaged during the manufacture or the operation of the battery module. 
Furthermore, the present invention has the effect of manufacturing a middle- or large-sized battery system having desired output and capacity using the battery module as a unit body 
Disclosed herein is a voltage sensing member constructed in a structure in which linear mounting parts are mounted to supporting parts coupled to the bottom of a battery module, conductive sensing parts are mounted on the mounting parts while the conductive sensing parts are in elastic contact with electrode terminals of battery cells, and the sensing parts are electrically connected to a battery management system (BMS). 
The voltage sensing member according to the present invention is manufactured by a simple assembly process without using a plurality of members for mechanical coupling and electrical connection. 
Consequently, the present invention has the effect of reducing the manufacturing costs of the voltage sensing member. 
Also, the voltage sensing member is maintained in elastic and stable contact when external impact or frequent vibration is applied to the voltage sensing member. 
Consequently, the present invention has the effect of performing stable voltage sensing operation. 
Furthermore, the present invention has the effect of manufacturing a middle- or large-sized battery pack having desired output and capacity using a battery module including the voltage sensing member as a unit body 
Disclosed herein is a middle- or large-sized battery module comprising: a battery cell stack including a plurality of battery cells or unit modules electrically connected with each other, the battery cells or unit modules being erected in the lateral direction; a first module case constructed in a structure to entirely surround one side end of the battery cell stack and to partially surround the upper and lower ends of the battery cell stack, the first module case being provided at the front part thereof with external input and output terminals; a second module case coupled with the first module case, the second module case being constructed in a structure to entirely surround the other side end of the battery cell stack and to partially surround the upper and lower ends of the battery cell stack, the second module case being provided at the front part thereof with bus bars for connecting electrode terminals of the battery cell stack to the external input and output terminals; a sensing member mounted to the first module case or the second module case; and a battery management system (BMS) mounted to the first module case or the second module case, while being connected to the sensing member, for monitoring and controlling the operation of the battery module 
Disclosed herein is a middle- or large-sized battery module including two or more unit modules each having one or more plate-shaped battery cells, as unit cells, surrounded by a high-strength sheathing member made of synthetic resin or metal, and separable upper and lower frame members coupled with each other in an assembly-type coupling structure such that the unit modules are vertically mounted in the upper and lower frame members. 
The present invention has the effect of easily mounting a sensing unit that is capable of minimizing the weight and size of battery cells while effectively reinforcing the low mechanical strength of the battery cells and sensing the operation state of the battery cells to a middle- or large-sized battery module. 
In addition, the present invention has the effect of manufacturing the battery module by a simple assembly process without using a plurality of members for mechanical coupling and electrical connection, thereby decreasing the manufacturing costs of the battery module, and effectively preventing the battery module from being short-circuited or damaged during the manufacture or the operation of the battery module. 
Furthermore, the present invention has the effect of manufacturing a middle- or large-sized battery system having desired output and capacity using the battery module as a unit body 
An apparatus for three dimensional scanning includes a base unit on which an object is set; a vertical moving unit for vertically moving on the base unit; a plurality of scanning units installed to the vertical moving units and arranged around the object for dividing the object into a plurality of circumferential areas and projecting and capturing optical pattern images; and a control unit for controlling a vertical movement of the vertical moving unit and scanning of the scanning units at each of vertical regional positions according to the vertical movement, wherein by control of the control unit, a plurality of the scanning units move vertically around the object, project optical pattern images to each of the circumferential areas of the object at each of the vertical regional positions according to the movement, and capture optical pattern images generated on a surface of each of the circumferential areas of the object to scan the object in three dimensions. 
Provided are a method and apparatus for encoding and decoding multi-view video to provide uniform picture quality at different viewpoints. 
The multi-view video encoding method includes selecting a set of referenced viewpoint video frames referred to by different viewpoint video frames, from among received multi-view video frames; encoding the multi-view video on the basis of the set of referenced viewpoint video frames; determining whether a condition for changing the set of referenced viewpoint video frames is satisfied; and if the condition is satisfied, changing the set of referenced viewpoint video frames, and encoding the multi-view video on the basis of the changed set of referenced viewpoint video frames. 
According to the present invention, it is possible to provide multi-view video in which degrees of video quality deterioration at different viewpoints are uniformly distributed with respect to a long time 
It is intended to provide a method of designing the base sequence of a gene whereby a high expression level can be achieved in expressing the gene with the use of a definite expression system. 
According to this method, a gene pool of an organism species from which the expression system originates is employed as the learning data and the regularity in the codon sequences in the learning data is calculated by using a hidden Markov model. 
Then, the codon sequence of a gene to be expressed by using the definite expression system is determined by applying to the above-described regularity 
A lancet device (10) for ejecting a puncture needle (21) to the forward end side by biasing force of a coil spring (31a) and causing the ejected puncture needle (21) to retreat by biasing force of a return spring (31b). 
When the puncture needle (21) is ejected, a colliding section (32b) and a collision taking section (38a) are caused to collide with each other, elastically deforming an abutting stopping member (38), where the colliding section (32b) is a part of a lancet holder (32) for holding a lancet (20) including the puncture needle (21) and the collision taking section (38a) is a part of the abutting stopping member (38). 
The elastic deformation of the abutting stopping member (38) causes a contact section (38b) of the abutting stopping member (38) to move toward and be in contact with the colliding section (32b), and this damps the momentum of the retreating lancet holder (32) 
Disclosed is a vector for nuclear transport of a substance. 
Also disclosed is a composition containing the vector. 
A unilamellar liposome (1a) comprises a lipid membrane (2a) and a substance (3) enclosed in the lipid membrane (2a), wherein a sugar and a peptide comprising contiguous two or more amino acid residues are introduced to the surface of the lipid membrane (2a). 
The liposome (1a) can be transported from the outside of a cell to the inside of the cell through the peptide present on the surface of the lipid membrane (2a). 
After the liposome (1a) is transported into the cell, the sugar on the surface of the lipid membrane (2a) is bound to a nuclear pore complex. 
The sugar bound to the nuclear pore complex is drawn into the nuclear of the cell to cause the disintegration of the lipid membrane (2a), whereby the substance (3) enclosed in the lipid membrane (2a) can be released into the inside of the nuclear through the nuclear pore 
A heavy object conveying apparatus (45) has a longitudinally extending frame body composed of a first frame body (46) and a second frame body (47); a traveling body (18) installed on the frame bodies so as to be movable in the longitudinal direction and loading or unloading an heavy object; a first movable sheave (20) and a second movable sheave (21) mounted on the traveling body (18); a first wire part (27) extending from a rotating drum (34) and engaging with a second stationary sheave (31) , the first movable sheave (20), and a first stationary sheave (30); and a second wire part (28) extending from the rotating drum (34) and engaging with the second movable sheave (21) and a third stationery sheave (32). 
By an effect of the first movable sheave (20) or the second movable sheave (21), the traveling body (18) can be moved in either direction and a force required for the movement of the traveling body can be reduced in half 
A heat signal writer in which the writing pattern of a heat signal is clarified. 
The heat signal writer (10), arranged fixedly at an appropriate part of a channel (1) passing a medium in order to write a heat signal in the medium moving through the channel (1), comprises a Peltier element (11) for writing a heat signal by performing temperature variation in a desired pattern through heating and/or cooling, a channel supporting member (12) where the distal end of a cone composed of a thermal conductive material having the bottom face side kept in tight contact with one side of the Peltier element (11) comes into direct contact with the channel (1), a heat sink (13) kept in tight contace with the other side of the Peltier element (11), and a heat resistant coating portion covering the periphery of the Peltier element (11) and the channel supporting member (12) with thermal insulation resin (14) excepting the channel contact surface (12a) at the distal end 
Disclosed is an active energy ray-curable composition containing (a) a compound having 3 or more (meth)acryloyl groups, (b) an alkali-soluble resin and (c) a tertiary amine other than photopolymerization initiators. 
The component (c) is contained in an amount of 0.01-7.0 parts by mass per 100 parts by mass of the total of the component (a) and the component (b). 
An acid anhydride addition product (a-1) of a compound having 3 or more (meth)acryloyl groups and a hydroxyl group can be used as the component (a) 
Position information and estimated arrival time can be provided to a versatile telephone with a simple operation without using a special dedicated service. 
A navigation device detects a call arrival from a telephone of a person wanting to know information about the vehicle, identifies the report destination telephone number of the person to which the current place and the estimated arrival time is reported according to the detected call arrival, refers to telephone number data according to the identified report destination telephone number, identifies the location of the fixed telephone of the person to be reported, detects the current place by using the GPS function, computes the estimated arrival time when the vehicle arrives at the identified location from the detected current place, and transmits the position information on the current place and/or the information on the computed estimated arrival time to the fixed telephone of the person to be reported 
Malononitrile is reacted with Propionaldehyde in presence of Sulphur Powder and Triethylamine in N,N-dimethlyformamide to give 5-Amino4- Cyano-2 -Methyl Thiophene. 
2-fluoronitrobenzene is condensed with 5- Amino-4-Cyano-2-Methyl Thiophene in Isopropyl alcohol and Potassium Hydroxide powder give 4-cyano-2-methyl-1-(2-nitrophenyl amino) Thiophene. 
Reduction of 4-cyano-2-methyl-1-(2-nitrophenyl amino) Thiophene with Stannous Chloride and Hydrochloric acid in Isopropyl; Alcohol and followed by cyclization to get 4-Amino-2-Methyl-10H- Thieno [2,3,-b][1,5] Benzodiazepine Condensation of 4-amino-2-methyF10H-Thieno [2,3,-b][1,5] Benzodiazepine and N-methyl Piperazine in presence of Dimethyl Sulphoxide and Toluene gives Olanzapine Technical grade, in anhydrous form. 
Treatment of anhydrous technical Olanzapine with acetone followed by subsequent precipitation with an anti solvent gave anhydrous OLANZAPINE of Form-II 
The invention relates to a shelf base carrier (20) which can be suspended or inserted into a vertical wall rail (10), comprising a lower holding section (22) equipped with a bearing surface (23) for the shelf base which extends from a wall (50) in a horizontal manner on said upper edge, and a clamping element (24) for clamping the shelf base (40) to the rear end which is oriented towards the wall, and which extends above and away from the wall. 
According to the invention, a lower distancing element (36) can be fixed in a separating manner to the holding section (22) and an upper distancing element (36) can be fixed in a separating manner to the clamping element (24). The lower and/or the upper distancing elements can be fixed in a first and a second position. 
In a first position, a first, smaller distance and in the second position, a second larger distance are provided between the bearing surface (23) and/or the lower edge of the clamping element (24) and the contact surface of the respective distancing element (30, 35) is determined by the held shelf base (40). 
By combining the first and second positions of the upper and the lower distancing element, the shelf bases can be fixed at various thicknesses, for example, 8mm, 10mm and 14mm 
A method for dynamically allocating forward error encoding is disclosed. 
The method monitors bandwidth utilization for transmitting data, and dynamically adjusts a level of forward error encoding, based on the bandwidth utilization for data, to substantially occupy available bandwidth not being utilized. 
Also, a communications system is disclosed, which includes a data formatting unit adapted to dynamically adjust the level of forward error encoding based on data bandwidth utilization such that the level of forward error encoding substantially occupies unutilized bandwidth, a transmitter adapted to transmit a data signal formatted by the data formatting unit, and a receiver adapted to receive the transmitted signal containing data and forward error encoding 
Described are techniques and mechanisms for enforcing trust between an application and a library loaded by the application. 
Very generally stated, the application declares one or more trusted code groups ("TCGs") of which a library must be a member to be authorized for execution with the application. 
Libraries that are authorized to assert membership in one or more TCGs include a secure indicator of that membership. 
As the application executes and at-tempts to load a library, that libraries membership in a TCG authorized by the application is verified prior to loading the library 
A steering assembly for use in turning wheels of a vehicle includes a rack and a pinion. 
A yoke is continuously pressed against the rack by a yoke spring. 
A damper, preferably arranged in series with the spring, produces damped resistance to displacement of the yoke away from the rack. 
The damper produces a relative high magnitude of damped resistance to displacement of the yoke away from the rack and a lower magnitude of damped resistance to displacement of the yoke toward the rack 
An improved implant device is deployed a vessel, or passageway, in a body with an attachment mechanism that permits stable and secure positioning of an implant device while also permitting easy removal without damaging the vessel. 
In particular, clip-like structures are used to engage the wall of the passageway. 
A tether that works in cooperation with the attachment mechanism may be used to facilitate removal of the implant device after an indicated period. 
The tether is removable from the implant device to convert the implant device into another configuration, which can remain permanently or be removed at a later time. 
Moreover, a centering mechanism may be employed to ensure that the implant device is properly oriented within the passageway when deployed 
According to embodiments of the present invention, an optical receiver detects an optical signal, determines the signal strength, and is placed in a power save mode if the optical signal strength falls below a predetermined level. 
A microcontroller may instruct a transimpedance amplifier integrated circuit (TIA IC) or other circuitry in the receiver to turn off one or more of its components during power save mode. 
If the optical signal strength rises above the predetermined level, the microcontroller may instruct the TIA IC to return to normal mode 
A method and system for creating and sending expressive messages is provided. 
The method includes receiving (202) a text message, where the text message is sent from a first communication device (102) to a second communication device (104). 
Further, the method includes transforming (204) the text message into an expressive message and directing (206) the expressive message to the second communication device 
A cascaded modulator system (20) and method for a QKD system (10) is disclosed. 
The modulator system includes to modulators (M1 and M2) optically coupled in series. 
A parallel shift register (50) generates two-bit (i.e., binary) voltages (L1 , L2). 
These voltage levels are adjusted by respective voltage adjusters (30-1 and 30-2) to generate weighted voltages (V1 , V2) that drive the respective modulators. 
An electronic delay element (40) that matches the optical delay between modulators provides for modulator timing (gating). 
The net modulation (MNET) imparted to an optical signal (60) is the sum of the modulations imparted by the modulators. 
The modulator system provides four possible net modulations based only on binary voltage signals. 
This makes for faster and more efficient modulation in QKD systems and related optical systems when compared to using quad-level voltage signals to drive a single modulator 
An embodiment of an organizer for a desk or other horizontal surface having an extending portion includes an elongated base assembly having a clamping member and a cover member for attaching to the extending portion, at least one fastening device for attaching the clamping member to the surface and for attaching the cover member to the clamping member, a pair of vertical supports adapted to be attached to the cover member and each support including a plurality of holes, and a plurality of horizontal accessory supporting rods extending from the slots in one of the vertical supports to the corresponding holes in the other vertical support 
Silicon Carbide (SiC) PiN Diodes are provided having a reverse blocking voltage (V<SUB>R</SUB>) from about 3.0 kV to about 10.0 kV and a forward voltage (V<SUB>F</SUB>) of less than about 4.3 V 
Opposed to substrate (2) having functional element (1) with functional part (1a) mounted thereon, there is disposed resin sealing plate (3) provided with opening (3a) corresponding to the functional part (1a) of the functional element (1) with a given spacing therebetween. 
Penetration and infill of sealing resin (5) in an interstice between the substrate (2) and the resin sealing plate (3) are carried out by the use of capillary phenomenon. 
Thus, resin sealing of the functional element (1) can be realizes without damaging to the function of the functional part (1a) 
A process for preparing amorphous rosuvastatin calcium having purity greater than 99.65% substantially free of impurities determined by area percentage of HPLC at RRT 1.26, 1.31, 1.41, 1.56, 1.71 & 3.99. 
The present invention is of an electrode comprising an electrode substrate base layer and a plurality of layers of insoluble pole electroactive substance disposed on the electrode substrate base layer, wherein each of the plurality of layers of insoluble pole electroactive substance is configured to facilitate a treatment of a condition. 
Further, the present invention is of use of the electrode in a current generating treatment device 
A novel cyclosporine formulation, which is a pro-nanodispersion at room temperature, featuring solid particles of a relatively large particle size (at least about 150 nm) and yet which is a microdispersion at body temperature 
L' invention concerne un procede de routage de f lux de donnees IP (11a, lib, lie) associes chacun a un service IP par une passerelle (50) placee en coupure de flux entre au moins un terminal (10; 20) multiservices apte a traiter au moins deux desdits f lux (11 a; 11 b; 11 c) et appartenant a un reseau local (30) et au moins un fournisseur de services IP (41, 42, 43) . 
La passerelle est reliee audit au moins un fournisseur de services par au moins deux canaux (14a, 14b, 14c) de transmission de donnees. 
Le procede comporte les etapes suivantes : extraction d' informations relatives & une capacite de traitement dudit au moins un f lux (11 a; 11 b; 11 c) de donnees IP par ledit moins un terminal (10; 20) ; envoi desdites informations de capacite de traitement par ledit au moins un terminal (10; 20) a ladite passerelle (50) ; reception desdites informations de capacite de traitement par ladite passerelle (50) ; selection d'un desdits canaux de transmission et routage dudit au moins un f lux de donnees I P sur ledit canal selectionne en fonction desdites informations de capacite de traitement fournies par ledit au moins un terminal (10; 20) 
In an abseiling device (10) for braking a load which is guided on a rope and can be fastened to the abseiling device (10), the rope (14) is frictionally guided over a distance (22) and the rope (14), which runs through the abseiling device (10), is guided via a brakable shaft (24). 
The rope (24) is pressed against the brakable shaft (24) via a predeterminable pressing force (29). 
The braking elements for the brakable shaft (24) can retain a light weight and compact design because additional braking of the rope (14) takes place in the abseiling device (10) over the frictionally guided distance. 
The invention relates to a method for route optimisation of packet switched data transmissions between a first mobile node and a second mobile node in a mobile communication system comprising a plurality of access networks. 
The method comprises the step of transmitting return routability protocol packets and data packets. 
The return routability protocol packets and data packets are analysed, and at least part of an address comprised in headers of the return routability protocol packets and data packets is removed 
Installation and method, comprising path sections, wherein each path section comprises a supply line, into which a mid-frequency current can be fed in from a feed associated with the respective path section, wherein each feed comprises a control circuit, wherein a first one of the control circuits transmits a clock signal to the further feeds for the purpose of synchronizing them 
The invention concerns a building façade having an inner wall, an insulation layer, an outer cladding layer and profiles for securing the outer cladding to the inner wall. 
Air gab for ventilation is provided between the insulation layer and the outer cladding. 
The insulation layer comprises insulation panels having two major large surfaces and four minor edge surfaces and the insu¬ lation panels have layers of insulation of different densities extending paral¬ lel to the two major surfaces, where a layer with a density above an average density of the panel is facing the outer cladding 
The invention relates to a tissue transplant construct for reconstructing a human or animal organ, particularly the bladder, ureter, or urethra. Said tissue transplant construct comprises a) a biologically compatible acellular membrane, and b) microvascular endothelial cells which penetrate the membrane, microvascular structures from the microvascular endothelial cells being embodied within the membrane. Also disclosed is a method for producing a tissue transplant construct. 
Said method encompasses the following steps: a) microvascular endothelial cells are isolated; b) said microvascular endothelial cells are applied to a biologically compatible acellular membrane; c) the microvascular endothelial cells applied to the biologically compatible acellular membrane are cultivated using stromal or epithelia-stromal induction (e.g. by means of a conditioned medium) 
The interrupter chamber is intended for a gas-insulated high-voltage switch. 
It contains a contact arrangement (2) having two arcing contacts (3, 4), which can move in relation to one another along an axis (5), having an insulating nozzle (6), an auxiliary insulating nozzle (11), a heating volume (7) and a heating channel (10). 
The heating channel (10) is guided partially axially between the insulating nozzle (6) and the auxiliary insulating nozzle (11) and connects an arcing zone (9) to the heating volume (7). 
A section (12) of the heating channel (10) which opens out into the heating volume (7) is inclined inwards against the axis (5). 
When a short-circuit current is disconnected, hot gas (13) formed in the arcing zone (9) therefore flows with an inwardly directed rate component into the heating volume (7) and can pass deep into the heating volume (7) in regions close to the axis. 
The quality of a quenching gas, which is formed in the heating volume (7) from the hot gas (13) and the already available cold gas (16, 18) and is used to blow an interrupter arc (8) burning in the arcing zone (9) in the event of a disconnection, can therefore be improved 
An apparatus for performing a biological or biochemical reaction that, in certain embodiments, has the ability to generate flow in a reaction site container by applying a force to a liquid medium that is outside of the reaction site container. 
In some embodiments, a flow generating component such as a gas bubble moves within a container and forces an agitating fluid to move through a reaction site container. 
In some embodiments, the movement of the agitating fluid applies shear stress to cells that are maintained within the reaction site container 
A method is provided for communicating data belonging to at least one application flow (AF). 
In one aspect, the method involves mapping the data to payload bits of two or more encoder packets (EPs) such that each said EP carries a payload dedicated to only one AF, and transmitting the EPs concurrently. 
In a second aspect, the above said mapping is inverted at a receiver 
A shoe cleaner (20, 120, 220, 320) for retractably attaching under a door (22) of a vehicle (24). 
An enclosure (126) is attached under the door (22) of the vehicle (24). 
A brush assembly (127) is retractably and extendably attached to the enclosure (126). 
A track drive (128) retracts and extends the brush assembly (127) relative to the enclosure. 
A brush drive (130) spins the brush assembly (127). 
A worm gear (150) of the track drive (128) is operatively attached to a motor (152) of the track drive (130) and to a pair of arms (144) of the brush assembly (127) to allow the pair of arms (144) and at least one brush (142) of the brush assembly (127) to extend from the enclosure (126), when polarity of the motor (152) is such that it rotates in one direction, until such time that a pin (170) of the track drive (128) contacts an extension limit micro-switch (160) of the track drive (128) stopping the motor (148) and to retract into the enclosure (126), when the polarity of the motor (148) is reversed such that it rotates in the other direction, until such time that the pin (170) contacts a retraction limit micro-switch (162) of the track drive (128) stopping the motor (148) 
A disposable acetabular reamer having a cutter blade (16) molded into the surface of a support (11). 
The cutter blade is formed of a single flat sheet of metallic material having a series of teeth (24) formed thereon which protrude above the surface of the support such that when the acetabular reamer is rotated, the teeth contact and reduce the surface of a boney socket. 
The invention includes a novel method of forming the reamer which includes shaping the cutter blade once teeth are formed therein and integrating the cutter blade into the support coincident with the shaping process. 
The assembled unit is so economical that it may be discarded after use 
The present invention relates to a method for production of silane where particulate quartz in a fluidized bed is treated with a gas containing hydrogen at a temperature below 00C, with the quartz in the fluidized bed subjected to an alternating electric field having a frequency equal to the intrinsic resonant frequency of at least a part of the quartz particles to create vibrational energy in the particles, thereby causing a chemical reaction between quartz and hydrogen to produce silane . 
The invention also relates to an apparatus for carrying out the method 
A first reinforcing rib (14), a second reinforcing rib (16) and a third reinforcing rib (17) are integrally formed on at least the front surface or the rear surface of a diaphragm (10) composed of a synthetic resin. 
The Strength of a loudspeaker using such diaphragm is improved, the weight of the loudspeaker is reduced and disturbance in smooth output of the sounds is eliminated, by constituting the first reinforcing rib (14) as an assembly of a plurality of hexagons 
A first switch (SW1) is connected in series between a first capacitor (1) and a grounding wire, and when an RTC oscillator is connected and an IC chip (10) is configured as an external input buffer circuit, the first switch (SW1) is turned off. 
Thus, the first capacitor (1) and a second capacitor (2) are prevented from being connected in parallel to a resonance capacitor of the RTC oscillator, and the first and the second capacitors (1, 2) are prevented from configuring a part of the resonance circuit of the oscillator. 
When an exclusive crystal oscillator is connected and the IC chip (10) is configured as a part of the oscillator, the first switch (SW1) is turned on and the first and the second capacitors (1, 2) configure a part of the resonance circuit 
A solid-state imaging device comprises a semiconductor substrate (1), a plurality of pixels having a light receiving sensor part (2) formed on the semiconductor substrate, element isolation (3) formed between the pixels in the semiconductor substrate, and an insulating film (4) formed on the upper portion of the pixels and the element isolation. 
The relationship between the refractive index n<SUB>1</SUB>of the insulating film and the refractive index n<SUB>2 </SUB>of the element isolation is n<SUB>1</SUB> < N<SUB>2</SUB>. 
This suppresses the occurrence of a color mixture due to the arrival of light at the element isolation with a large incident angle 
A polarizing plate joining device comprises a first polarizing plate joining unit (600) and a second polarizing plate joining unit (700). 
They have frame members (601, 701) provided rotatably around rotational axes (P11, P12) respectively and each having four side surfaces. 
Therefore, while the polarizing plates (2, 3) are joined to a liquid crystal substrate (1) at a polarizing plate joining station (S14), a step of separating releasing films from the polarizing plates (2, 3) at a releasing film separating station (S13) and a step of receiving the polarizing plates (2, 3) at a polarizing plate receiving station (S11) can be simultaneously executed. 
With this, a polarizing plate joining apparatus having a not-increased footprint thereof even though the size of the color liquid crystal display is increased can be provided 
An outboard motor includes a propulsion unit generating the thrust. 
An engine powers the propulsion unit. 
The engine has an engine body. 
A fuel tank supplies fuel to the engine for combustion. 
The fuel tank is positioned above the engine body. 
A first stay extends along a lateral surface of the engine body. 
The first stay has a first portion and a second portion. 
The first portion is attached to the lateral surface of the engine body. 
The second portion supports the fuel tank 
A liquid crystal panel (11) includes a plurality of R sub-pixels transmitting red light, and a plurality of GB sub-pixels transmitting green and blue light. 
An R backlight (17r) emits red light continuously whereas a G backlight (17g) emitting green light and a B backlight (17b) emitting blue light intermittently emit light once during the display period of one screen in time bands different from each other. 
The drive circuit of the liquid crystal panel (11) drives the R sub-pixel based on a video signal (Vr), and drives the GB sub-pixel based on a video signal selected from video signals (Vg, Vb) in response to emission from the G backlight (17g) and the B backlight (17b). 
Photosensitivity stroke is prevented by preventing flickering of red light. 
Consequently, a display presenting a bright screen and having no adverse effect on the physical conditions of a person can be obtained 
Some demonstrative embodiments of the invention relate to a method, device and system of database security. 
One demonstrative embodiment of the invention includes an intrusion detection sensor to scan transactions on a database, and generate an event based on a detection profile. 
Other embodiments are described and claimed 
The present invention provides a process for preparing highly pure montelukast and salts thereof by reacting the side-chain precursor 1-(mercaptomethyl)-cyclopropaneacetic acid with 2-(2-(3S)-(3-(7-chloro-2-quinolinyl)-ethenyl)phenyl)-3-(methanesulfonyloxypropyl)phenyl-2-propanol in a solvent mixture containing a base. 
A blind frame for a window or door, the blind frame including a channel defined by the blind frame, the channel extending at least partially around the periphery of the blind frame and defining a space between the frame and an adjacent wall, the space being adapted and configured to receive an amount of concrete so as to affix the frame to the wall. 
The blind frame may include an accessory compartment including a housing defining an external surface adapted and configured to support an amount of concrete and embed said housing in said wall opening 
The present invention relates to methods and compositions effective in preventing, attenuating, inhibiting the progression of, and treating eye diseases, e.g., age-related macular degeneration (AMD). 
The compositions comprise, as an active ingredient, an effective amount of 3,3'-diindolylmethane (DIM) and/or its precursor indole-3-carbinol (I3C). 
The compositions can further comprise additional agents such as carotenoids and other phytochemicals, which produce a synergistic effect in preventing, attenuating, inhibiting the progression of, and treating AMD and other eye diseases such as glaucoma, cataracts and diabetic retinopathy (DR). 
The compositions are particularly effective in treating and preventing wet AMD, and in preventing or inhibiting the progression of dry AMD (non-neovascular) to wet AMD (neovascular) 
Novel formulations containing a non-oxidative biocide, such as DBNPA, and a source of an in situ produced active biocide, such as a concentrated aqueous solution of an inorganic halide salt, are disclosed. 
These novel formulations are particularly effective in the treatment of water, and are characterized by high stability, desirable rheological properties and an excellent biocidal activity 
A method for providing a wireless Internet connection to WiFi-enabled devices (STAs) comprising: wirelessly connecting a first STA to the Internet through a first AP with a first SSID; remaining connected to the first Access Point (AP), the first STA creates a software-based wireless AP with a second SSID for wirelessly connecting other STAs to the Internet through the first STA. 
A software module running on the first STA allows a second STA a wide access to the Internet only if the second STA has a copy of the software module running installed and active therein. 
A method for configuring STAs to connect to a wireless network, comprising: a customer first connects a STA by wire to its network; a software on the STA copies to the STA the security information gained through the wired connection, thus setting the security parameters for the STA 
Novel smoldering suppressing compositions containing a metal complex of ammonium superphosphoric acid and having a high phosphate content, and processes for their preparation, are disclosed. 
Further disclosed are formulations containing these compositions and articles-of-manufacture having these formulations applied thereon. 
These novel formulations are particularly effective as smoldering suppressants for textiles, and are characterized by a high washing fastness 
Presented herein is a portable cushion that is divided into multiple inner cells, said structure comprising a base layer, at least two columns of at least two inflatable cells each disposed on said base layer, a lightweight, portable air pressure generator for supplying air to the cushion, and a hose to connect said cushion to said air pressure generator, wherein the inflating sequence of the cushion enables one layer of cells to fully inflate before the subsequent layer of cells is able to inflate 
A system for powering and controlling an LED backlight, the system comprising: a controller; a controllable power source responsive to the controller; and a plurality of LED strings receiving power from the controllable power source, the controller being operative to control the output voltage of the controllable power source responsive to a function of an electrical characteristic of at least one of the plurality of LED strings. 
The animal food composition of the present invention is pro-nutritional, and is convenient to the pet owner. 
The animal food composition promotes a healthy body weight in an animal and is palatable to an animal, provides a highly effective nutritional aid, promotes a means for controlling fecal hair excretion, controlling oral hair excretion, trichobezoar formation, and satiety in an animal. 
The animal food composition contains a nut shell 
The invention relates to a solar module system with a self-supporting support structure and at least one solar module element or reflector element to be arranged on said support structure. 
The invention is characterized in that the support structure comprises a plurality of juxtaposed support profiles in the form of self-supporting hollow chamber profiles (39) which have front parabolic concentrator reflector functional surfaces (41) and solar module functional surfaces on the side facing away from said front. 
The system according to the invention is used e.g. for photovoltaic systems outdoors or on buildings 
A technique of configuring link layer entities for a handover is described. 
In a method embodiment, the technique includes receiving from a recipient of protocol data units a supplemental status report for an existing ARQ connection in context with an imminent handover, determining service data units corresponding to buffered protocol data units taking into account information included in the supplemental report, and transferring the determined service data units to a link layer entity which is to establish a new ARQ connection to the recipient. 
The forced status synchronisation that is based on the supplemental report prevents the transfer of service data units that have already been successfully received at the recipient 
The Dynamic Efficient Encapsulated Multicasting (DEEM) scheme described in this invention improves multicast packet transmissions in mobile mesh networks. 
An Efficient Encapsulation Criteria (EEC) is used by the DEEM that takes into account different hop-by-hop wireless interface communication conditions. 
In another embodiment, a Dynamic Efficient Tunnel Multicast (DETF) scheme reduces the number of multicast packet transmissions sent over VPN tunnels. 
In yet another embodiment, a multicast debugging tool uses Multicast Tracer Packets (MTP) to identify different classes of multicast traffic 
Embodiments of a structural stud and panel for use in building a tilt-wall building are disclosed. 
Devices and methods for forming structural studs and panels are also disclosed 
The automatic and optimal selection of coding parameter values according to analyses of coding trials is disclosed. 
The Neural Encoding Model (NEM) provides a method for providing a quantitative measure of the likelihood that a human observer can distinguish an original sensory signal from an approximation thereof, thus providing a metric by which the effect of various coding parameters may be analyzed and optimized. 
Optimal coding parameters can be defined for an entire data set, such as a digitized audio file, or for discrete portions of the data set. 
A trial coded data set or portion thereof is analyzed to determining if certain coding parameters have been assigned optimal values. 
If not, parameter manipulation is performed in an intelligent order and the objective analysis is repeated until predetermined objective perceptual distance criteria are achieved 
The invention relates to compositions, kits, and methods for detecting, characterizing, preventing, and treating human cancer. 
A variety of chromosomal regions (MCRs) and markers corresponding thereto, are provided, wherein alterations in the copy number of one or more of the MCRs and/or alterations in the amount, structure, and/or activity of one or more of the markers is correlated with the presence of cancer 
A method of reducing wrinkles in skin includes irradiating the skin with laser pulses to ablate an array of spaced apart voids in the skin. 
A region of coagulated tissue surrounds each of the voids and there is viable tissue between the coagulated regions. 
Tissue in the coagulated regions is in tension due to shrinkage of collagen by the heat generated during the ablation. 
This tension rapidly closes the voids, tightening the skin and reducing the wrinkles. 
A healing process replaces the coagulated tissue with new tissue after a period of about one- month.The method is also applicable to lightening abnormally pigmented skin, as the new tissue replacing the coagulated tissue is not abnormally pigmented 
An electronic device, such as, a computer, may be adapted for self-monitoring for compliance to an operating policy. 
The operating policy may specify a pay-per-use or subscription business model and measurements associated with compliant usage. 
A secure execution environment may measure usage in accordance with the business model as well as monitor and enforce compliance to the operating policy. 
To increase the difficulty of attacking or otherwise disabling the secure execution environment, elements of the secure execution environment may be distributed. 
The distribution points may include other functional elements of the computer, such as interface circuits, or may even be remotely located over a network. 
An implementation method for disaggregating the secure execution environment is also disclosed 
A plurality of secure execution environments may be used to bind individual components and a computer to that computer or to blind computers to a given system. 
The secure execution environment may be operable to evaluate characteristics of the computer, such as memory usage, clock validity, and pay-per-use or subscription purchased data, to determine compliance to an operating policy. 
Each of the secure execution environments may exchange information regarding its own evaluation of compliance to the operating policy. 
When one or more secure execution environments determines noncompliance or when communication between secure execution environments cannot be established a sanction may be imposed, limiting functionality or disabling the computer 
The present invention is directed to consumable coating compositons 350 for use on consumable products, such as pharmaceutical products 110 (e.g., tablets, pills, capsule, gel cap, caplet) 
The invention relates to a cover (1) for closing a moulding mould (2) using closure mould technology such as resin infusion or injection. Said cover comprises a form-maintaining frame (10) provided with a plurality of inflatable wedges (11-16) which are arranged on at least part of the circumference thereof and mounted in a removable manner 
A communication system, network, interface, and port architecture are provided for transporting of data across a network. 
The network can be arranged by connecting the ports in a daisy chain fashion to achieve a ring architecture or topology. 
The network forwards data according to a specific network protocol. 
A first port forwards frames having a preemptive acknowledge field before the payload. 
A second port receives these frames, stores them in a frame buffer and modifies the preemptive acknowledge field according to its available frame buffer capacity. 
Said first port controls its a data flow according to the modified preemptive acknowledge field 
Method for applying a coating layer (7) to a tubular intraluminal implant (1), in particular to a vascular support (stent), wherein the surface of the implant (1) is interrupted by a large number of apertures (3), wherein the coating layer (7) is produced by deposition of material on the surface of the implant (1), wherein, in a first step, the implant (1) is pushed onto a cylindrical holder (4), wherein, in a second step, a sacrificial material (5), in particular copper, is deposited on the surface of the implant (1), until the deposited sacrificial material (5) fills the apertures (3), at least almost completely, wherein, in a third step, the coating layer (7) is deposited on the surface of the implant (1) provided with sacrificial material (5), and wherein, in a fourth step, the cylindrical holder (4) and the sacrificial material (5) located in the apertures (3) are removed 
A rotor of a supersonic rotary heat engine comprises a rotor axis about which the rotor is adapted and configured to rotate, a plurality of thrust matter passageways, and a plurality of cooling passageways. 
Each of the thrust matter passageways is at least partially bound by a gas permeable wall. 
The outlet port of each thrust matter passageway is adapted and configured to discharge gaseous fluid into an exhaust environment external to the rotor in a manner creating a torque on the rotor about the rotor axis. 
Each of the cooling passageways is in fluid communication with a respective one of the thrust matter passageways via the gas permeable wall that at least partially bounds the respective thrust matter passageway 
This invention provides a method of treating a patient suffering from a tumor overexpressing N-CoR comprising administering to the patient a phosphatase ligand, alone or in combination with "a retinoid receptor ligand, a histone deacetylase ligand, or both, in amounts effective to treat the patient. 
This invention also provides a method of inhibiting tumor growth in a patient suffering from a tumor overexpressing N-CoR. 
This invention further provides a method of identifying a compound or a mixture of compounds capable of inducing differentiation of cells of a tumor overexpressing N- CoR. 
This invention still further provides a method of determining the likelihood of successfully treating a subject suffering from a tumor overexpressing N-CoR. 
This invention also provides a method of assessing the- likelihood that a patient is suffering from a tumor overexpressing N-CoR. 
This invention yet also provides a method of assessing the likelihood that a patient previously suffering from and treated for a tumor overexpressing N-CoR has suffered a recurrence of a tumor overexpressing N-CoR. 
Finally, this invention provides analogous methods for use on glioblastoma multiforme 
This invention provides a masking material that can be used to protect an underling surface (e.g. an automobile surface) during an overcoating (e.g. painting) operation. 
The masking material in one embodiment includes a thickener and a pH control agent and water. 
The masking material can be applied to a surface that is to be protected from paint overspray or other coating processes, allowed to dry, and the surface then coated (e.g. with paint). 
After drying of the paint, or other coating, the masking material can removed by water washing 
A process is provided for separating one or more light gases from bromine or chlorine using one or more physical separations and contact with a chemical scrubber to recover additional halogen. 
In one aspect, the process comprises (a) providing a feed of halogen containing one or more light gases to a distillation column or flash vaporizer; (b) operating the distillation column or flash vaporizer to separate the feed into (i) a first liquid containing a major amount of halogen and no more than a minor amount of light gas(es), and (ii) a first vapor containing a major amount of light gas(es) and no more than a minor amount of halogen; and (c) providing the vapor to a chemical scrubber to recover halogen from the vapor 
Methods and systems for reducing burst usage of a networked computer system are described herein. 
In an embodiment, resource requesters can request, within a time window, resources over a computer network before the resources are available. 
The resources can then be allocated in batch mode when the resources are available. 
Thus, resource requests do not have to be processed in real-time, and resource requests can be received before the resources are available 
An apparatus and method for identifying the position of a magnetic shaft are provided. 
N field sensors are adjacently positioned at fixed locations relative to the shaft's periodic field, corresponding to 180/N relative phase shifts. A table provides N>2 predetermined signal models and a pre-identified position associated with each. 
An interpolator compares a representation of the N measured sensor signals to at least two predetermined models to generate a correction signal that provides another pre-identified position. 
The correction signal depends on N sensors for every position of the shaft. 
The correction signal is used to incrementally choose said another pre-identified position from the table as an approximate position of the shaft in an iterative process to find the minimum correction signal and identify the position 
The present invention relates to methods, devices, data signals and memory storage for digital rights management of distribution and control of items such as digital content. 
In particular the present invention relates to derivative rights on the digital content. 
The present invention relates to a method of generating derivative digital content from at least one piece of source content associated with a source license identifying rights related to said source content, and where said license comprises a content key to be used for accessing said source content, said method of generating said derivative digital content comprising the step of; creating at least one derivative license associated with said generated derivative digital content, said derivative license identifying rights related to said derivative content and said derivative license further comprising key information linking the derivative license to said content key of said source license, where said content key is to be used when accessing said derivative content 
The invention concerns a motor vehicle comprising a low exhaust heat engine (ME) for driving the driven wheels and a system for conditioning the air temperature of the passenger compartment (CAB), said conditioning system including a reversible heat pump PAC) which conditions in temperature respectively a distribution loop (DO) and an exhaust loop (RE) through which flows a coolant, the distribution loop (DI) being connected to an exchanger (H2) with the air entering the space compartment (CAB) and being connectible via an electromagnetic valve (EV1) to another exchanger (H1) with the air entering the passenger compartment (CAB), the exhaust loop (RE) being connected to an exchanger (F1) with the outside air, said exhaust loop being further connected to the engine (ME) for exchanging heat with said engine 
The invention relates to hydrocyclopenta[b]naphthalenes of the general formula (I), in which A<SUB>1</SUB>, A<SUB>2</SUB>, C, R, Z<SUB>1</SUB>, Z<SUB>2</SUB>, X<SUB>1</SUB>, X<SUB>2</SUB>, X<SUB>3</SUB>, X<SUB>4</SUB>, q and r have the definition specified and also to their use as components of liquid-crystalline media and to an electrooptical display element comprising them 
A method of producing modified recombinant HOXB4 protein containing His tag at C-terminal (i.e., TAT-HOXB4H), wherein the TAT-HOXB4 has more than 6 histidine tag at C-terminal. The method comprises creating the DNA construct that contain the fragment encoding at least 6 His tag at the C-terminal in the open reading frame of HOXB4; transforming the resulting construct into the host cell to express the recombinant HOXB4 protein containing 6 His tag at the C-terminal; and purifying the recombinant protein from the host cells' lysate. 
In particularly, a construct for production of recombinant HOXB4H protein could increase the efficiency of the protein's purification up to 3 to 5 folds, after the recombinant protein had been produced in the host cells (e.g., E.coli.). 
The method of using the resulting recombinant TAT-HOXB4H protein for in vitro expansion of the stem cells and composition thereof 
An apparatus for welding a plastic component to a body's aperture comprises a frame element, a first heating head mounted to the frame element for heating the component, a gripper for gripping the component and for mounting the component to the body's aperture, a heater arm having a second heating head mounted thereto for heating the body's aperture, and an actuator for mounting both the heater arm and the gripper to the frame element for alternating between a heating position wherein i) ia) the gripper is generally aligned with the first heating head for abutment therewith following relative movement towards each other, while ib) the second heating head is positioned for heating the body's aperture, and a work position wherein ii) the gripper is generally aligned with the body's aperture for mounting the component to the body's aperture for welding therewith. 
The gripper is mounted to the actuator via a cylinder arm provided with a collision monitor in the form of a linear encoder to detect inadvertent collision between the component and the heating head or the body. 
The collision monitor is configured to trigger an alarm when the linear encoder detects an inadvertent collision 
The invention relates to a portable organ perfusion device to be used for storage and transport of an ex vivo organ, comprising a compression means for removing perfusion fluid from a perfusion fluid container, a means for adjusting flow rate of perfusion fluid, an organ container for receiving an organ and a quantity of perfusion fluid, an organ connector for forming a fluid connection between the means for adjusting flow rate and the vasculature of the organ, and a waste container for receiving used perfusion fluid. 
The components of the device are connected by medically suitable tubing and the explanted organ and perfusion fluid are maintained at a hypothermic temperature 
A device and method for communicating user data and utility metrology data over a power line is provided. 
In one embodiment, the method includes measuring a utility parameter to provide the utility data; storing the utility data in memory; transmitting the utility data over the power line; receiving first data via the power line from a first device; and transmitting the first data over the power line to a second device. 
In addition, the method may include receiving the first data and transmitting the first data with different encryption keys and also determining if the first data includes control data. 
A spark-ignition, direct injection internal combustion engine includes a fuel injector effective to produce a fuel spray pattern which is relatively compact at low loads and relatively large at high loads 
Diamino polyacetate benzene compounds are used as a selective fluorescence probe, sensor, or binders for divalent metal ions. 
The compounds provide for uses as divalent metal ion sensors in diagnostic applications and binders for environmental and medical treatments 
The present invention relates to materials and methods for the treatment of arterial diseases having impaired arteriogenesis and angiogenesis. 
More particularly, the invention provides materials and methods for treating arterial disease using a gene therapy vector expressing Bmx tyrosine kinase 
This invention provides an apparatus for assaying clotting activity. 
The apparatus includes an inlet for a blood fluid and two or more patches of material in the vessel. 
The material is capable of initiating a clotting pathway in a blood fluid. 
This invention also provides an apparatus for measuring clot propagation, which includes a region with material capable of initiating a clotting pathway, and a region where the clot propagation is monitored. 
Also provided are methods for assaying clotting activity, assaying the integrity of a blood clotting pathway, assaying the effect of a substance on the integrity of a blood clotting pathway, monitoring clot propagation, and preventing clot propagation from one vessel to another 
An identification system (10) of the present invention is used at airport terminals, bus stations, government buildings, and the like. The identification system (10) includes a controller (26), a pair of spaced stations or checkpoints (12, 14) for generating a first reference and a second reference each containing scanning image and weight of the person (P) passing through the first (12) and second (14) spaced stations. 
The controller (26) includes a comparative software that determines a correlation between the first and second references to identify at least one discrepancy therebetween. 
As the discrepancy is identified, a distress signal is send by the controller (26) to the second station (14) to alert about the discrepancy being identified. 
The invention includes a method of identifying the person (P) 
A real-time, signature-free, blocker prevents buffer overflow attacks The SigFree system filters out code injection buffer overflow attack packets targeting Internet services Motivated by the observation that buffer overflow attacks typically contain executables whereas legitimate client requests never contain executables in most Internet services, SigFree blocks attacks by checking, without preknowledge of real attacks, if 'executable' instruction sequences can be blindly disassembled and extracted from a packet Being signature-free, the invention blocks new and unknown buffer overflow attacks It is immunized from almost every attack-side code obfuscation method, and transparent to the servers The approach is suited to economical Internet-wide deployment with very low deployment and maintenance costs SigFree can also handle encrypted SSL packets An expepmental study shows that SigFree can block all types of code-injection attack packets without yielding any false positives or false negatives Moreover, SigFree causes negligible throughput degradation to normal client requests 
Implantable devices comprise at least one or more targeting molecules that form a primary coating layer for selectively recruiting, isolating, activating, and/or eliminating any cells of interest, such as T cells, monocytes, and stem cells The devices can be utilized for selectively removing a particular subset of cells from a patient Various non-selective pharmaceutical and biological agents can be incorporated into the devices so that cells can be isolated for elimination or for activation/differentiation Cell-type selectivity is conferred by the presence of cell-specific targeting molecules incorporated into the device, preferably at the surface level to permit interaction between the cells of interest and the targeting molecules Related therapeutic methods for utilizing the devices are also provided These devices can be manufactured as stents, catheters, a holding chamber, or any other device, and can be manufactured into any shape, including a conduit, a vessel, and a tubin 
A rack system for equipment includes a main support, a holder coupled to the main support, with the holder being slideably adjustable with respect to the main support and a support extension, coupled to the holder, including first and second sections, the first section being adapted to support one portion of the equipment, and the second section being adapted to abut a support structure. 
The present invention features antigen binding protein that bind an ORF0657n target region (SEQ ID NO: 1). 
ORF0657n is an S. aureus protein. 
ORF0657n target regions are provided by the mAb 1G3.BD4, mAb 2H2.BE11, mAb 13C7.BC1, and mAb 13G11.BF3 binding sites. 
In a lethal model challenge, mAb 2H2.BE11 and mAb 13C7.BC1 provided for increased survival against S. aureus infection. 
There was also protection demonstrated in an ex vivo model with either the IgG1 or the IgG2b form of mAb 2H2; and in a passive immunization murine indwelling catheter model using mAb 2H2.BE11 
A pulse production interval measurement module (or temporal reconciliation module) for preferred use with a computational flowmeter and/or non-computational flowmeters to thereby temporally reconcile or time shift flowmeter output produced by a volume of fluid flow through the computational flowmeter with the start and stop times of the flow of a calibrated fluid volume through a prover. 
The pulse production interval measurement module may be implemented with software and/or hardware and operate on stored data or real time or near real time measurements 
A high performance, high throughput technique for patterning protein- and cell-repellant molecule (e.g. poly(ethylene glycol) (PEG)) self-assembled monolayers (SAM) in a submicron/nano scale is provided for generating ultra-high density protein/cell arrays on silica substrates 
Compounds of general formula (Ia): in which R<SUP>1</SUP>, A<SUP>1</SUP>, m, X, n, Y and R<SUP>3</SUP> have any of the meanings given in the specification, have affinity for sigma receptors and are useful in the treatment of disorders of the central nervous system 
A keyboard, video and mouse over an Internet Protocol (IP) switch in which the master and target interfaces share the same IP address and access to the target interfaces from the client is via a Transmission Control Protocol/IP network. 
The master is able to determine into which switch port the target interface is connected by reading media access control address tables of a switch chipset. Such provides immediate association for a target interface, i.e., the Ethernet port number 
The invention provides methods for using Ang2 inhibitors in combination with VEGF inhibitors to treat disease. 
The invention also provides compositions, kits, formulations, and specific disease treatments relating thereto 
A circuit architecture, or topology, that provides a level shifter which is substantially independent of the duty cycle of an input signal includes an H-bridge arrangement of field effect transistors, a pair of capacitively coupled inputs terminals connected to the gates of the high-side (i.e., connected to the positive power supply) transistors and a pair of voltage dividers to set the bias voltage at the gates of the high- side transistors, wherein one side of each voltage divider is coupled to the power supply node and the other side of each voltage divider is cross-coupled to the output node of the opposite side of the H-bridge. 
Systems and methods for distributed database management are disclosed. 
In an embodiment, a method of accessing information in a distributed database system having one or more data servers includes establishing a plurality of lattice structures configured to store data elements having inter-related information. 
A data query initiated by a client is then formulated that includes selected data attributes. 
The data query is processed to generate a query product, and the plurality of lattice structures are searched to identify data elements corresponding to elements in the query product. 
Pertinent data files located within another data server are accessed that correspond to the data query and generating a result, and the result is transferred to the initiating client system 
Disclosed is a method for transmitting a notification message in a mobile broadcast system that includes transmitting common notification message channel information necessary for receiving a common notification message for all users capable of receiving broadcast services, along with an Electronic Service Guide (ESG) for the broadcast services or a control signal for the broadcast services; transmitting specific notification message channel information necessary for receiving a specific notification message for a specific user group to a terminal in the specific user group along with the ESG; generating at least one of the common notification message and the specific notification message; and transmitting the generated notification message to the terminal using the corresponding channel information 
A plasma generating apparatus is provided. 
The apparatus includes a first cylindrical electrode having a hollow therein, a dielectric provided on an inner face of the first electrode, a second cylindrical electrode spaced in the hollow of the first electrode to a distance from an inner face of the dielectric with a plurality of spacers, a gas supply unit supplying source gas to the space between the second electrode and the dielectric, a voltage applying unit applying a voltage to the first and second electrodes, a plasma discharging port discharging plasma generated in the space between the second electrode and the dielectric to the outside, and covers shielding both ends of the first electrode to prevent the source gas from leaking, so that the electrodes are easily cooled, and the plasma is generated by the simple structure thereof 
[PROBLEMS] To provide nanoparticle-containing lubricating oil compositions which impart a low coefficient of friction and can realize a further reduction in fuel cost. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] One of the nanoparticle-containing lubricating oil compositions comprises a lube base, an additive having a hydroxy group, and nanoparticles. 
Another composition comprises a lube base, an ash-free friction regulator having a hydroxy group, and nanoparticles. 
Still another composition comprises a lube base, an additive having a hydroxy group, and nanoparticles having a particle diameter of 1-100 nm. 
A further composition comprises a lube base, an ash-free friction regulator having a hydroxy group, and nanoparticles having a particle diameter of 1-100 nm 
An edible paste concentrate consisting of ground chickpeas, cooked and dried, and crushed sesame seeds is provided. 
The paste has a shelf life of at least three months, and when mixed with water, provides a dip or a spread with the flavor and texture of freshly prepared hummus. 
Also provided is a process for manufacturing a spread or a dip from chickpeas or other legumes 
The present invention relates to a method and system for conducting a data search within a database over a data network, comprising: (a) a user interface having a virtual assistant for communicating with a user, for receiving from said user one or more search queries and for providing to said user one or more corresponding search results from said database; and (b) one or more software components installed on a server connected to said database and/or installed on a user's computer for: (b.1.) enabling said virtual assistant to communicate with said user; (b.2.) analyzing and processing said one or more search queries for obtaining corresponding search results; and (b.3.) processing said one or more search results and providing them to said user 
The present invention provides an improved process for the preparation of MgO of high purity >99% from salt bitterns via intermediate formation of Mg(OH)<SUB>2 </SUB>obtained from the reaction of MgCl<SUB>2</SUB> and lime, albeit indirectly, i.e., MgCl<SUB>2</SUB> is first reacted with NH<SUB>3</SUB> in aqueous medium and the slurry is then filtered with ease. 
The resultant NH<SUB>4</SUB>C<SUB>l</SUB>-containing filtrate is then treated with any lime, to regenerate NH<SUB>3</SUB> while the lime itself gets transformed into CaCl<SUB>2</SUB> that is used for desulphatation of bittern so as to recover carnallite and thereafter MgCl<SUB>2</SUB> of desired quality required in the present invention. 
The crude Mg(OH)<SUB>2</SUB> is dried and calcined directly to produce pure MgO, taking advantage of the fact that adhering impurities in the Mg(OH)<SUB>2</SUB> either volatilize away or get transformed into the desired product, i.e., MgO 
The invention relates to a connection module (1) for connecting at least two wires, comprising a housing and a contact element (3), wherein the contact element (3) has at least two insulation displacement contacts (16), and the housing has at least two openings for introducing the wires at an end side (5), wherein at least one detachable wall element (15) is arranged on the opposite end side (12), which wall element is opposite at least one of the openings, with the result that, by detaching the wall element (15), a continuous channel for at least one wire is created 
An implantable medical electrode comprising an electrode substrate having an exterior surface, and a zirconium nitride coating disposed over the exterior surface 
Methods and apparatus process a financial transaction initiated by a consumer with a contactless transaction device. 
An electromagnetic transmission identifying a financial account and an adjunct identifier is received from the device. 
Transaction data are electromagnetically transmitted to the device. 
Another electromagnetic transmission providing authentication data and a digital signature originated from the transaction data is received from the device. 
The device is authenticated with an analysis of the authentication data and digital signature. 
An authorization request for approval of the financial transaction is transmitted over a payment network to an issuer system, and a response is received. 
The adjunct identifier is transmitted to an adjunct system distinct from the issuer system for implementation of functions adjunct to the financial transaction. 
The financial transaction is acted on in accordance with the response to the authorization request 
A catalyst composition that comprises an over flocculated molecular sieve and a phosphorous compound and, optionally, a non-over flocculated molecular sieve. 
A method of preparing a catalyst composition that comprises mixing an over flocculated molecular sieve and a phosphorous compound and, optionally, a non-over flocculated molecular sieve 
The invention relates to shoe soles, substantially to light and hygienic shoes for recreation which areused, for example, on beach, in bath (sauna), after bathing in a swimming pool etc., and to shoes provided with said sole. 
The inventive shoe sole consists of a row of rigid transversal links which are arranged in such a way that a space is formed therebetween at least in the part constituting the sole bottom, that they are movable for providing the sole with a longitudinal flexibility and are interconnected with the aid of connecting means whose at least one part is elastic and which is positioned between the sole top and bottom 
The invention relates to power engineering, in particular to electric machines for power plants provided with a medium flow tube. 
The inventive electric machine can be embodied in the form of an electric generator driven by air (gas) or liquid flow and in the form of an electric motor for displacing an air (gas) or liquid flow. 
In the preferred embodiment, said machine can be used in the form of a synchronous generator , in particular in average, high and very-high power wind stations. 
The synchronous generator is arranged around the exhaust pipe of the wind power station and comprises a stator and a ring-shaped rotor, which are positioned concentrically with respect to the internal cross-section of the pipe. 
The diameter of said cross-section coincides with the diameter of the rotor internal cross-section in which blades interacting with the medium flow are arranged. 
A device for centering the rotor with respect to the stator is located near the opposite surfaces thereof and is embodied in the form of rolling elements, for example balls. 
In the other variant, the electric machine is provided with at least one second stator and rotor and second blades. 
The inventive structural design of the electric machine makes it possible to reduce the resistance to a medium flow, to decrease the mass of the rotor provided with blades and to increase the performance factor of the electric machine 
The present invention relates to a connector (100). 
The connector comprises: a housing (102); a plurality of the terminals (104) arranged thereon for electrically contacting with a board; a pair of arms (106) extending from two ends of the housing (102), respectively; a first projection (108) and a second projection (110) formed on each of the arms (106); and a metal member (112) arranged along the length direction of each of the arms (106), having a hold-down portion (114) and a first recess (116) for engaging with the first projection (108) with a first buffer space (130) existing therebetween. 
The metal member (112) is spaced from the second projection (110) by a second buffer space (140). 
When the hold-down portion (114) is soldered to a board, the first projection (108) or the second projection (110) may remedy overwarp of the board or the housing (102) 
There is provided a portable storage container with cable management functionality, including: a case constructed from a rigid material with a first extent and a second extent in an adjacent relationship therewith, the first and second extent each defining an interior space for the placement of at least one speaker driver in at least one extent, the at least one speaker driver being connected through a cable with a connector, rear portions of the first and second extent being pivotally coupled together, at least one extent having an extended rim along an edge of the interior space, the rim defining a groove along the edge of the interior space, the groove being used for aligning the cable, and a fastener for fastening edges of the first and second extent. 
The fastener may feed the cable into the groove when fastening the edges of the first and second extent. 
A corresponding method for managing at least one cable in a portable storage container is also disclosed 
The invention relates to a customizing fitting insole comprising at least two hot melt sheets (4 & 5) which are composed of thermoplastic resin formable at a certain temperature and have a flexibility and hardness different from each other according to areas of foot bottom. 
The invention also relates to a method for manufacturing a customizing fitting insole and a method for correcting a customized fitting insole to one's features and foot shape 
A sizing composition in the form of a water-based composition comprising at least one hydrophobic cellulose reactive sizing agent and an anionic, cationic or amphoteric polymer comprising a high amylopectin barley-starch. 
The invention also contains a method for the production of sized paper or sized paperboard, wherein said sizing composition is being used, and sized paper or sized paperboard which is produced using said sizing composition 
A mains-independent power supply for a tubular element (2), especially a lighted clothes rail, comprises a holder (20) on or in which the tubular element (2) is supported. 
A receptacle (12) for electric accumulators (8) is configured on the holder (20) next to the tubular element (2) and is connected to an electric consumer in the tubular element (2) via electric conductors (7). 
The invention allows the holder (20) to receive and fix the tubular element (2) and also to constitute a receptacle for the energy accumulators (8) 
The invention relates to a connection subassembly for connecting a supply container to a target container. 
According to the invention, the connection subassembly comprises an outlet cylinder and a control cylinder, wherein the outlet cylinder and the control cylinder are movable relative to one another. 
In an operation position in which the connection subassembly is connected to a target container, the outlet and control cylinders are movable relative to one another between a closure position, in which the control cylinder blocks a flow path through the outlet of the outlet cylinder, and an opening position, in which the control cylinder frees the flow path through the outlet of the outlet cylinder. 
The subassembly is useful for motor vehicle fuels, for example 
Minimizing dynamic structural loads of an aircraft (2), introduced by an external excitation (1 ), which, comprises generating a signal (x) indicative of the external excitation (1 ); deriving signals (y) of pre-controlling for actuating control elements of the aircraft (2) from said excitation indicating signal (x) in accordance with a pre-controlling rule, so as to reduce the dynamic structural loads introduced to the aircraft (2); generating an error signal (e, e*) representing performance of said pre-controlling; optimizing the pre-controlling rule by said error signal (e, e*) and/or said excitation indicating signal (x) so as to minimize the dynamic structural loads 
The instant invention relates to a process for the production of optically brightened paper by treating the pulp suspension with an optically brightened filler composition comprising optically brightened plastic fibres, preferably polyester fibres, which leads to a surprising high lightfastness of the resulting paper. 
The invention relates to a method for recording the position, location or movement of a body part of a patient and a device for recording the positon, location or movement of a body part or a medical instrument. 
According to the invention, a graphic marker is connected with the body part or the instrument and an image of the body part comprising the graphic marker is generated by an image recording camera (5, 6, 7). 
The image is processed by a processor device (14) as an image file. 
The invention is characterized in that at least one geometric size characteristic of the graphic marker is known, wherein the processor device (14) determines the positon, location and/or movement of the graphic marker in the three-dimensional space and in a quantitative manner relative to the image recording camera (5, 6, 7) by means of the known size characteristic. 
The invention offers, without the need of manual calibration of the measuring system, a substantial automatization and a high measuring precision during the determination of position and movemnet in the three-dimensional space. 
Simultaneously, the expenditure on equipment can be reduced and the reaction to the object or body part to be measured or to the patient can be minimized 
A technology for identifying design issues during an electronic form generating process is disclosed. 
In one method approach, a user selected runtime environment to be applied to an electronic form is received. 
A form design check is performed on the electronic form. 
A reporting object generates a list of design issues identified by the form design check. The list of design issues is displayed in a user interface 
A graphical user interface includes a first set of columns for displaying details for a first passenger group, a second set of columns for displaying details for a second passenger group and a third set of columns for displaying details for joint solution properties of a joint solution involving the first and second passenger groups 
Transistors are fabricated by forming a protective layer having an opening extending therethrough on a substrate, and forming a gate electrode in the opening. 
A first portion of the gate electrode laterally extends on surface portions of the protective layer outside the opening, and a second portion of the gate electrode is spaced apart from the protective layer and laterally extends beyond the first portion. 
Related devices and fabrication methods are also discussed 
An archwire used during the course of orthodontic treatment has four generally flat sides that are arranged in the general shape of a rectangle. 
The four sides are connected by curved surfaces having a radius of curvature that is substantially larger than the corners of conventional archwires. 
The cross-sectional shape of the archwire facilitates insertion and removal of the archwire in orthodontic appliances such as brackets and also tends to reduce resistance to sliding movement of the appliances along the archwire 
[PROBLEMS] To provide a therapeutic agent for traumatic neuropathy and/or movement disorder, particularly a therapeutic agent for traumatic neuropathy and/or movement disorder caused by spinal cord injury. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] It is found that a keratan sulfate oligosaccharide or a derivative thereof has an ameliorative effect on traumatic neuropathy and/or movement disorder caused by spinal cord injury and therefore is useful as a therapeutic agent for traumatic neuropathy and/or movement disorder. 
Thus, provided is a therapeutic agent for traumatic neuropathy and/or movement disorder, wherein the therapeutic agent comprises an effective amount of a keratan sulfate oligosaccharide or a derivative thereof 
Composition for the curative or preventive treatment of plants against diseases, characterized in that this composition contains, as active ingredient, a metered amount of pathogens taken from plants suffering from the disease that it is intended to cure or prevent, wherein said composition is in the form of an aqueous solution and is intended to be dispersed on the plants after dilution in water 
A stock (10) for a firearm, provided with a stock frame section (3) and a releasably attachable cheekpiece (1, 2), in which the stock frame section (3) is symmetrical in relation to the longitudinal vertical direction of the stock, and when the cheekpiece (1, 2) is installed to the left side of the stock frame section (3), the stock becomes a right-handed stock, and when the cheekpiece (1, 2) is installed to the right side of the stock frame section (3), the stock becomes a left-handed stock. 
According to an advantageous embodiment the cheekpiece (1, 2) is adjustable, preferably quick- adjustable in height 
The invention relates to an electronic component in thin-layer technology, which comprises at least one display and an energy store. 
Owing to a skilled combination of the layers, self-supplying displays in thin-layer technology are presented here for the first time. 
The display comprises a viewing electrode (1), an active layer (26) and a counterelectrode (3); the energy store comprises an anode (7), an electrolyte (6, 26) and a cathode (3), and thus forms a capacitor. 
The active layer (26) of the display can at the same time be advantageously used as electrolyte of the capacitor 
Picking arrangement for picking at least one fruit (36) located on an elongate stem (33) of a plant (34), having a holder (3), that can be moved along the ground (9), and having an elongate picking gap (30), which is provided on the holder (3), is bounded by lateral edges (31) and through which the stem (33) can be guided, with the fruit (36) being separated off along the edges (31) in the process, wherein the picking gap (30) is oriented such that the step (33) can be fed to the picking gap (30) with its longitudinal axis oriented parallel, or essentially parallel, to the longitudinal axis of the picking gap (30) 
This invention relates to a to a fence, a fence module, a kit of parts for a fence module, and a method of erecting a fence from fence modules. 
More specifically, it relates to fence module that is assembled from component parts before it can be erected so as to form a part of a fence, wherein said component parts are adapted to be packaged together in a container of a size that permits ease of handling 
An ultraviolet water radiation arrangement where there is a single reflector which is in the form of a cylinder in which both one or more ultraviolet lamps together with one or more r tubes/conduits carrying liquid, such as water, are located within and generally have a parallel axis with the cylindrical shape of the reflector 
A surveillance apparatus (100) is provided, said apparatus including a linear sub-array (101) of N omnidirectional transmitter elements (103) and a planar sub-array (102) of M receiver elements (104). 
A plurality of the transient elements (105) are generated by separating out at each of the receivers (104) the signals transmitted from the antenna elements (103) of the transmitter sub-array (101). 
This allows the geometry of each path (from each transmitter antenna element, to the point being imaged and back to the receiver antenna elements) to be converted to a delay or phase shift to focus on the particular point being imaged. 
The transient elements (105) form a cylindrical array (106) at the mid points between transmitter and receiver sub-arrays. 
Such a configuration enables a full 360 degrees of cover in azimuth and typically +/- 60 degrees in elevation 
Projectile stacking systems in which individual projectiles are clipped together to form a stack. 
The projectiles may be joined individually by a user before loading in a barrel, or during a loading process assisted by features on the breech of the barrel. 
The tail of each projectile includes a set of clips which engage the nose of a trailing projectile in the stack. 
Projectiles may be withdrawn from barrel and undipped as required by the user 
An attachment device for anchoring a medical device to a patient has, in one aspect, an anchoring portion for attachment to the tissue of a patient by operation of at least one piercing member which in use is deployed for anchoring the device to the tissue of a patient. 
Alternatively, or additionally, in a further aspect an attachment device comprises a holding part, for holding an elongate object, which is operable between an open position which allows removal of the elongate object and a closed position adapted to securely retain the elongate object. 
The holding part may include first and second holding portions, for respectively engaging first and second surface parts of the elongate object 
The present invention relates to a macromolecule having a controlled terminal group stoichiometry, the macromolecule including a surface layer, at least one subsurface layer and at least two terminal groups including: a first terminal group which is a residue of a pharmaceutically active agent, a derivative thereof or precursor therefor; and a second terminal group selected to modify the pharmacokinetics of the pharmaceutically active agent and/or macromolecule, wherein terminal group stoichiometry refers to the number and type of terminal groups 
The present disclosure provides a system that can receive a group of channels (at least one of which includes I-frames) from a DSL network, a memory that can store the I-frames, and a channel change detector that can detect a user event. 
The system provides the stored I-frame to the user in response to detecting the user event 
A mounting apparatus for affixing a flat screen display device to a vertical lift mechanism having vertical guide members situated at the alteral sides of a lift including at least one pair of mounting members, at least one pair of hanging members, at least one elongate support member, and at least one pair of bracket members. 
Each mounting member of the pair is affixed to a respective one of the pair of vertical tubular members at an adjustable position thereon in substantially horizontal alignment with the other mounting member of the pair. 
Each hanging member of the pair is affixed to a respective one of the mounting members. 
The at least one elongate support member is adapted for connection to mounting components at the rear of the flat screen display device and structured and arranged to extend substantially horizontally when the display device is mounted to the tubular members of the lift mechanism. 
The at least one pair of bracket members are affixed in spaced relationship to the at least one support member and each bracket member of a pair is structured and arranged to receive a respective one of the pair of hanging members 
Devices and methods for inserting an implant (90) within a patient. 
The device may generally include an insertion body (20) , a supply reservoir (30) , and a delivery device (40) . 
The insertion body can be used for moving and positioning the implant within the body. 
In one embodiment, implant is mounted to the end (21) of the insertion body prior to movement and positioning. 
Fill material is maintained within the supply reservoir. 
Delivery device functions to move the fill material from the supply reservoir, through the insertion body, and to the implant. 
The device thus provides for both movement and placement of the implant, and a mechanism for delivering fill material to the implant 
Disclosed herein is an insert molded lead frame assembly (IMLA). 
The IMLA includes a lead frame and an overmolded member. 
The lead frame has at least two electrically separate contacts. 
The overmolded member surrounds the lead frame. 
The IMLA includes removed areas of the lead frame and the overmolded member between the electrically separate contacts. 
A size of the removed areas is a function of a desired impedance of the contacts 
Compositions of reduced isoalpha acids, vitamins and minerals are disclosed as well as methods of using the same for the treatment of autoimmune diseases. 
Additional combinations including other compounds are also contemplated. 
Synergistic properties and methods exploiting such synergy are also disclosed 
Certain embodiments include a head mounted display for displaying images that can be viewed by a wearer when the display is worn on the wearer's head. 
The display can include a spatial light modulator having an array of pixels selectively adjustable for producing spatial patterns. 
The array of pixels can define a substantially planar reflective surface on the spatial light modulator. 
The display can further include a light source. 
The display can also include illumination optics disposed to receive light from the light source and direct light onto the planar reflective surface of the spatial light modulator at an angle with respect to the surface normal of the planar reflective surface. 
The display can include imaging optics disposed with respect to the spatial light modulator to receive light from the spatial light modulator. 
The display can further include a curved reflector disposed to reflect light from the imaging optics so as to form a virtual image such that the image may be viewed by an eye of the wearer. 
The display can also include headgear for supporting the spatial light modulator, imaging optics, and reflector. 
In certain embodiments, only rays of light incident on the planar reflective surface of the spatial light modulator at an angle with respect to the surface normal of the planar reflective surface contribute to the virtual image viewable by the eye 
A behavioral modeling technique is provided that is based directly on the loadpull gain and phase compression measurements. 
Developed from the large-signal scattering function theory, this technique shows the possibility to generate the large- signal scattering function model using traditional toadpull measurement systems. 
The large-signal scattering function theory is presented and the analogy between the LSNA and the loadpull measurement systems is drawn. 
A detailed analysis of the model generation process is further taught herein 
An entertainment system for a vehicle includes an entertainment console which includes a display and at least one docking station. 
The at least one docking station receives a portable media player at least partially therein and operatively connects the media player to the entertainment console. 
The entertainment system may be mounted within a vehicle for use therein or used at a location outside of a vehicle (e.g. home or office) based upon the preference of the user 
A system for the securing of road flares in order to maintain continuous burning of the flares and not allow them to roll away. 
The system includes first and second holding means aligned either in the same plane, or offset from each other. 
The first holding means holds a flare by a first end of the flare. 
The second holding means is connected to the first holding means in either the same plane or else at a distance from the first holding means. 
The second holding means holds a second flare by the second end of the flare. 
Once the first flare has burned the entire length of the flare, it ignites the second end of the second flare so that the second flare is ignited 
This invention provides methods for treatment and inhibition of a male subject having an Androgen Decline in Aging Male (ADAM)-associated condition, for example sexual dysfunction, decreased sexual libido, erectile dysfunction, hypogonadism, sarcopenia, osteopenia, osteoporosis, an alteration in cognition and mood, depression, anemia, hair loss, obesity, muscle loss, dry eye, memory loss, benign prostate hyperplasia and/or prostate cancer, by administering to the subject a selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) compound and/or its analog, derivative, isomer, metabolite, pharmaceutically acceptable salt, pharmaceutical product, hydrate, N-oxide, pro-drug, polymorph, crystal, or any combination thereof 
Derivatives of sulindac are provided along with-pharmaceutical compositions containing them and use for precancerous conditions and treating cancer. 
Derivatives of sulindac are also suitable for treating chronic inflammatory conditions. 
A method for preparing the derivatives is also provided 
Disclosed are a novel fluorine surface active agent and a novel fluorine-containing compound. 
Specifically disclosed is a fluorine surface active agent composed of a fluorine-containing compound essentially having a structure wherein two hydrophilic groups and two chain fluorine-containing hydrophobic groups are respectively bonded to a ring directly or via a linking group. 
The ring is a four- or more-membered ring which is composed of carbon atoms only or carbon atoms and another different atom. 
The two hydrophilic groups are bonded to one carbon atom or two adjacent carbon atoms selected from the carbon atoms of the ring, while the two chain fluorine-containing hydrophobic groups are bonded to one carbon atom or two adjacent carbon atoms selected from the carbon atoms of the ring. 
Furthermore, the carbon atom to which the hydrophilic group is bonded and the carbon atom to which the chain fluorine-containing hydrophobic group is bonded are not adjacent to each other. 
Also specifically disclosed is a novel fluorine-containing compound represented by the following formula (A-1). 
(A-1 
A control circuit (40) for electrowetting lenses (41, 42) includes a driver circuit (45) for producing a controllable voltage supply (46) and a first (43) and a second (44) voltage modulator, each connected to receive the controllable voltage supply. 
The first and second voltage modulators are configured to respectively produce first (32) and second (33) modulated voltage outputs from the voltage supply. 
A controller (49) receives at least one set point signal (53, 52) and, as a function thereof, (i) controls the driver circuit to produce the voltage supply, and (ii) controls the first and second voltage modulators to produce the first and second modulated outputs 
In accordance with the present disclosure there is provided a novel marine lipid extract obtainable by a process wherein processing temperature below 60 0C; mechanical and physical disruption of the lipid cell membrane to facilitate low temperature extraction; processing takes place under inert gas to prevent oxidation or denaturation of fat and proteins; intermediate processing tanks kept at a minimum level to reduce residence time; and the oil is frozen immediately after recovery to stabilize it 
A modem used for communicating data. 
The modem may include a packet generator and modulator. 
The modulator may include an electronic device configured to select at least one frequency from at least three or more candidate frequencies. 
At least one oscillator may be in communication with the electronic device and configured to generate respective oscillation signals in response to receiving the frequency(s) from the electronic device. 
A computational element may be in communication with the oscillator(s) and be configured to receive the oscillation signal(s) and produce a modulated audio signal based on the oscillation signal(s) 
A system, method and computer program product are provided for generating an image, such as a thumbnail, representation of a video sequence, where the video sequences includes a plurality of frames, at least some of which include an image of a scene that may include one or more objects. 
The method can include identifying a plurality of objects from the video sequence, and selecting at least some of the identified objects. 
In addition, the method can include extracting the selected objects from the frames of the video sequence including the respective objects, and combining the selected and extracted objects into an image representation of the video sequence 
A lid (2) for a container (1), the lid (2) having a handle (3) which is configured to engage an underside of another such or similar lid (2') so that the latter (2') can be supported on the handle (3) in a substantially stable condition 
The present invention is concerned with co-crystalline forms of sildenafil, processes of preparing such co-crystalline forms, pharmaceutical compositions containing the same, therapeutic uses thereof and methods of treatment employing the same 
A terminal adapter (1) for connecting an accessory to a terminal, the terminal adapter (1) comprising a charging socket (2), to which a charging plug can be connected for charging the terminal, when the terminal adapter is connected to the terminal, and in connection with the terminal socket there is provided a shield plug (21) for protecting the charging socket (2) in a waterproof manner, when the charging plug is not connected to the charging socket (2); an accessory cable (3), which is connected to the one side of the terminal adapter through a connecting piece (31) so that when coming out of the connecting piece the direction of the free accessory cable (3) deviates from the connecting direction (X) of the terminal adapter at most by the angle a = 45° 
The invention relates to a composite sanitary dispenser designed and produced with a view to achieving numerous substantial advantages over existing means used for the same purpose by combining two functions in a single dispenser, namely a toilet tissue roll holder function and a wet wipe holder function. 
Background to the invention: toilet tissue holders and dispenser have been known for a long time, as have wet wipe dispensers, with their respective advantages and disadvantages, but there is no precedent for a composite dispenser having both of these functions. 
Ever since wet wipes have been in use in the field of child and adult hygiene, it has been possible to use them in various locations, unlike the dispenser of the present invention. 
Some wet wipe dispensers are portable and do not have a predetermined location, which is inconvenient because they can be placed wherever one user chooses and as a result be difficult for other users to find. 
Meanwhile, conventional toilet tissue roll holders that cannot be used to dispense wet wipes are also known 
The invention relates to a method for producing a bond of a first component (2) and of a second component (3) by means of a connecting mass (4), in particular with regard to large-area aircraft components of cylindrical or spherical contour, with the following method steps: (Sl) connection of the components (2, 3) by means of the connecting mass (4) ; (S2) application of a heating element (6) to the first component (2) ; and (S3) curing of the connecting mass (4) by heating by means of the heating element (6) to produce the bond of the components (2, 3), wherein, during the curing of the connecting mass (4), a force is applied to the heating element (6) and the components (2, 3) by means of a first covering element (8) in the form of a vacuum film by the evacuation of a first cavity (12) in which the components (2, 3) and the heating element (6) applied to them are arranged, and to a corresponding device (1) 
Herein are described layouts of test structures and scanning methodologies that allow large probe currents to be used so as to allow the detection of resistive defects with a resistance lower than 1M while at the same time allowing a sufficient degree of localization to be obtained for root cause failure analysis. 
The detection of resistances lower than 1M nominally requires a probe current greater than 1 micro ampere for detection on an electron beam inspection system 
A helical stent having bioresorbable connecting members connecting sections of the stent. 
The connecting members provide various spring rates or spring constants to the stent, and permit a change in the flexibility of the stent subsequent to implantation while maintaining the unitary design of the stent. 
A method of making the helical stent includes forming a tube with a section made of a bioresorbable material prior to forming the stent 
System for generating a geometrical model representing a portion of a three-dimensional object by shading by an operator in connection with a two-dimensional image of the object, the image representing the object as projected onto an image plane, comprising receiving shading information, updating a geometric model, displaying the updated geometric model, and operating on input of a hierarchical subdivision, polygon mesh, or NURBS surface 
A mass storage memory system is provided. 
The memory system includes, re-programmable non-volatile memory cells arranged in a plurality of blocks of memory cells; and a controller that is adapted to receive data via a first interface, and a second interface, and data received via the first interface and the second interface is accessible via the first interface and the second interface even if a file name for the data is not provided by a host system or before a write operation is complete. 
The first interface is a file based interface and the second interface is a logical interface 
The present invention provides vaccine compositions for effective induction of both mucosal and systemic immunity to pathogenic Mycobacterium species. 
Vaccination protocols are provided in which both parenteral and mucosal vaccine formulations are administered to a host. 
The parenteral and mucosal formulations comprise live, attenuated Mycobacteria 
A hose reel assembly that includes a hose support assembly and a pivot assembly. 
The pivot assembly has a first component and a second component. 
The first component and the second component structured to be rotatably coupled together with a generally vertical axis of rotation. 
The pivot assembly first component is disposed on the hose support assembly and the pivot assembly second component is disposed on the base assembly. 
Thus, the hose support assembly is rotatably coupled to the base assembly and structured to rotate about a vertical axis 
The present invention provides an antibacterial oral rinse formulation having enhanced antibacterial activity against oral bacteria associated with infectious and inflammatory processes for preventing and/or treating inflammatory diseases or inflammatory processes associated with diseases in an individual by inhibiting the transient bacteremia associated with oral hygiene activities by the individual. 
Also provided is a method for preventing and/or treating inflammatory diseases or inflammatory processes associated with diseases in an individual by inhibiting transient bacteremia associated with oral hygiene activities by the individual, comprising rinsing with the antibacterial oral rinse formulation for a period of time immediately prior to engaging in oral hygiene activities 
The present invention is a decorated polymer sheet, said polymer having a modulus of from about 1000 psi (7 KPa) to about 20,000 psi (138 MPa), as determined according to ASTM D 638-03, wherein at least one of said surfaces of said sheet has disposed thereon an image and an adhesive composition, and at least a portion of said adhesive composition is in contact with said image 
A passive particulate filter assembly for filtering diesel exhaust. 
The assembly includes a housing unit defining a filtering chamber having an inlet port and an outlet port. 
A cylindrical inner core member is disposed in the filtering chamber and is surrounded by a pleated cylindrical filter pack having first and second opposite ends. 
An end cap couples with the first end of the filter pack and is configured to prevent exhaust flow there through. 
An end plate is coupled to the second end of the filter pack and is configured to secure the filter pack to the housing unit. 
The filter pack comprises a woven metal fiber medium preferably manufactured from stainless steel or a nickel-chromium-iron alloy having a porosity of between about 2 to about 15 µm 
An electromechanical switch includes an actuation electrode, a cantilever electrode, a contact, a suspended conductor, and a signal line. 
The actuation electrode is mounted to a substrate, the cantilever electrode is suspended proximate to the actuation electrode, and the contact is mounted to the cantilever electrode. 
The suspended conductor is coupled to the contact and straddles a portion of the cantilever electrode. 
The signal line is positioned to form a closed circuit with the contact and the suspended conductor when an actuation voltage is applied between the actuation electrode and the cantilever electrode. 
A tool comprising a scissors, the scissors including two handles, each handle including an aperture therethrough is disclosed. 
The tool includes a comb attached to the scissors. 
The comb includes a handle portion and a comb portion. 
The handle portion of the comb includes a plurality of extensions therefrom, the extensions for engaging the aperture of one of the handles of the scissors, wherein the comb can be removed from the scissors by disengaging the extensions. 
A method and apparatus informs nodes included in a wireless local area network (LAN) of how to avoid access collision in a wireless LAN. 
A wireless LAN access point or an independent basic service set (IBSS) control station receives a Contention-Free-End (CF-End) frame, compares a basic service set ID (BSSID) of the received CF-End frame of the access point or the IBSS, and rebroadcasts the received CF-End frame if the comparison result indicates that the two BSSIDs coincide with each other. 
Thus, all stations included in one BSS can receive the same time information for controlling medium access 
The present invention relates to a method for the efficient realization of the service requiring a large sized application, more particularly, to a method for the efficient realization of a service that requires a large sized application such that the application can not delivered through one channel together with audio, video and/or data. 
The method comprises the steps of: separately transmitting the application required for the realization of the service through a first channel and one selected from the group consisting of audio, video, data and a composite thereof required for the realization of the service through at least one second channel via a broadcasting network; and realizing the service at a user set top box connected to the broadcasting network by cooperative operation of the application delivered through the first channel with the one selected from the group consisting of audio, video, data and a composite thereof delivered through the second channel, wherein the application provided through the first channel is set to tune to the second channel and the application delivered through the first channel is flagged as a channel unbound application within an application information table of the second channel. 
This method can be applicable to various services that require a large sized application while ensuring the reasonable utilization of resources 
The present invention relates to a method for realizing interactive digital broadcasting service of television environment coupled to homepage service of Internet environment and a system therefor. 
The method of the present invention comprises establishing a television upload tab in the homepage of the internet environment, and in response to a request from a user in the television environment, delivering data saved in the television upload tab, via a return network, to the user in the television environment. 
By constructing the television upload tab in the homepage, the method and system of the present invention can incorporate the complicated homepage service into the television environment in an easy and simple manner. 
Consequently, the homepage service of the internet environment can be coupled to the interactive broadcasting service of the television environment in an easy and simple manner 
The present invention relates to a solid cosmetic composition includes an organic sunscreen, an inorganic sunscreen, wax, a non-ion surfactant, oil, silicon polymer, and a pigment for a sunscreen, in which the solid cosmetic composition is highly water-resistant to thereby prevent a reduction in a UV protection effect by sweat or water, is comfortable to wear and has long-wearing characteristics, and can be repeatedly used even after application of make-up 
It is possible to actively control at least position or direction of imaging field-of-view in an examinee and shortly and surely observe a desired portion in the examinee. 
An into-examinee introduction system includes an encapsulated endoscope (1) introduced into an examinee (100) and a permanent magnet (3). 
The encapsulated endoscope (1) for capturing an image in the examinee (100) has an imaging unit fixedly arranged in a case. 
Moreover, the encapsulated endoscope (1) includes a drive unit for changing at least a position or a posture of the case in a liquid (2a) introduced into the examinee (100). 
The permanent magnet (3) controls operation of the drive unit changing at least the position or the posture of the case in the liquid (2a) 
A servo control device for performing servo control to record information in an optical recording medium having a lot of information layers by enabling light to stably and quickly reach an desired layer, even if the types of the information layers are different, an information reproducing device, a servo control method, an servo control program, and an information recording medium where a servo control program is recorded are provided. 
The servo control device has a constitution in which when the types of layers of an information recording medium identified by identifying means are different from one another and when the focus position of light emitted from light-emitting means is moved across the information layers, control means controls the rotational speed of the information recording medium to the one of when the information recorded in the movement-destination information layer is reproduced by means of rotating mean and moves the focus positions to the movement-destination information layer by means of moving means 
The invention relates to a method for producing optically active trans-2,6-dimethylmorpholine by (i) reacting racemic trans-2,6-dimethylmorpholine with D-mandelic acid, (ii) separating the formed salt from D-mandelic acid and the one enantiomer of the trans-2,6-dimethylmorpholine from the other enantiomer of the trans-2,6-dimethylmorpholine and (iii) isolating the desired optically active trans-2,6-dimethylmorpholine 
A stract A method and a system for equalizing one or more loudspeaker(s), e.g. a hi-fi system, positioned in a room in order to compensate sound reproduction from the loudspeaker for an influence of the room. 
The method includes measuring a listening position transfer function (L) from electrical input of the loudspeaker (L1) to a sound pressure at a listening position (LP) in the room. 
A global transfer function (G) representing a spatial average of sound pressure level in the room generated by the loudspeaker (L1) is determined. 
This global transfer function (G) can either be determined as an average of two or more transfer functions measured in field points scattered across the room or it can be calculated based on an acoustic power output measured from the loudspeaker (L1) together with data regarding sound absorption properties of the room. 
An upper gain limit (UGL) as a function of frequency is then determined based on an inverse of the global transfer function (G). 
An equalizing filter (F) is then determined based on an inverse of the listening position transfer function (L), but with its gain being limited to a maximum gain in accordance with the upper gain limit (UGL). 
Finally, the loudspeaker (L1) is equalized with the equalizing filter (F), the filter (F) being implemented such as a minimum phase approximation by an FIR or an HR filter. 
Preferably, a lower gain limit (LGL) as a function of frequency is also determined as an inverse of the global transfer function (G), wherein a gain of the equalizing filter (F) is limited to a minimum gain in accordance with the lower gain limit (LGL). 
By use of the upper and lower gain limits (UGL, LGL) it is possible to implement a system capable of automatically designing the equalizing filter (F) with only simple tasks to perform for an operator of the system 
The invention relates to a radio and remotely controlled safety system for powered water vessels with a man overboard function and electronic theft protection, comprising an electrical transmitter module and a receiver module. 
The transmitter module is provided with two push buttons, the first push button having the "stop" function and the second push button the "start" function. 
A transistor is built in to the transmitter module which takes over the function fo the "stop" switch on an electrical impulse, once the transmitter comes into contact with water. 
The above occurs by establishing contact between the plus pole of the power supply to the housing of the transmitter module and a contact to the collector of the transistor. 
On the transmitter module making contact with water, current flows from the plus pole of the battery to the collector contact and this closes the connection between the base and emitter thereof. 
The receiver module comprises a receiver for radio frequencies and a controller which processes the signals as desired. 
Furthermore, a relay with an "on-off" function is integrated in the receiver module 
The invention relates to a method of producing a rocker pressure piece (1, 1') of a chain rocker joint for a flat link chain (19), especially a CVT chain, according to which a shaped wire (2) is cambered along at least one defined section in the longitudinal direction and is then separated in this section. 
The invention also relates to an embossing device (3) for producing a rocker pressure piece (1, 1') of a chain rocker joint from a shaped wire. 
Said device comprises a housing (5, 6) having a lower housing half (5) as the female mold and an upper housing half (6) for guiding at least one forming die for embossing the shaped wire. 
The invention also relates to a rocker pressure piece (1, 1'), on which the rolling surface (15, 15') is cambered 
A biomedia apparatus comprising an elongated central core and a plurality of loops positioned along the central core adapted to collect organisms from water. 
The biomedia apparatus may further comprise at least one reinforcing member associated with the central core. 
In one embodiment, the biomedia apparatus is utilized in a trickle tower to treat wastewater. 
In another embodiment, the biomedia apparatus is utilized outside a power plant to minimize spat that is drawn into the plant through water intake valves 
Devices, systems and methods for retracting, lifting, compressing, supporting or repositioning tissues, organs, anatomical structures, grafts or other structures within the body of human or animal subjects for the purpose of treating a disease or disorders and/or cosmetic or reconstructive purposes and/or for research and development purposes or other purposes 
Methods and apparatus for routing messages between an end node and an access node via another access node are described. 
Physical layer identification information is used when identifying a remote, e.g., adjacent, access node as a message destination. 
Thus, when a connection identifier based on one or more physical layer identifiers is available to a wireless terminal, e.g., from one or more downlink signals received from a destination access node, the wireless terminal can use the connection identifier corresponding to the destination node to route a message via an access node with which it has an established uplink connection. 
Such connection identifier information can be used even when other addressing information, e.g., network layer address information, associated with the destination access node, may not be available to the wireless terminal 
The present invention relates to heterocyclic derivatives useful as inhibitors of ion channels. 
The invention also provides pharmaceutically acceptable compositions comprising the compounds of the invention and methods of using the compositions in the treatment of various disorders 
The present invention provides highly purified omega-3 fatty acid formulations. 
Certain formulations provided herein have contain greater than 85% omega-3 fatty acids by weight. Certain other formulations provided herein contain EPA and DHA in a ratio of from about 4.01: 1 to about 5:1. 
The invention also provides methods of using the dosage forms to treat a variety of cardiovascular, autoimmune, inflammatory, and central nervous system disorders by administering a formulation of the invention to a patient in need thereof 
A system and method is provided which processes communication into a useful multi-dimensional, hierarchical structure that illustrates visible multi-dimensional relationships between elements of the communication and also provides an understanding of the concepts underlying the communication. 
A communication is initially separated into its constituent elements. 
Queries to structured databases and novel relational tables are then performed to reference predetermined relationships between the communication elements and hierarchical categories, where information placements in the databases and tables are utilized to generate a hierarchical structure corresponding to the communication that provides a visual analysis and/or interpretation of the communication. 
By understanding the underlying concepts and tone of the communication, an automated communications analysis system is provided that allows prompt procedures, such as the grading and evaluation of writing, to be performed in an accurate manner 
The present invention relates to a tire not needing air filling. 
Common tires except for tires military use or special use comprises a tread as the outermost layer, a carcass layer, so-called belt, under the tread and a special rubber layer as a inner liner layer. 
Such multilayered structure of the tire is for absorption of impact applied to the tire, prevention of air leakage from the inside of the tire and better contact with the road surface. 
However, the tire with this structure is mainly made of rubber and thus should be exchanged after a predetermined time has passed due to aging and abrasion of the rubber. 
Also, when the tire punctured, fatal accidents can occur at a high speed. 
Therefore, various tires which are not flattened when it is punctured have been developed. 
According to the present invention, the tire comprises a tread part having an air layer in the tread part and a carcass layer supplemented by nano-silicate and metal nanoparticles for providing color and abrasion resistance, and an aerogel layer. 
Therefore, when the tread part is severely damaged the tire can be protected from puncture. 
Also, the tread part has considerably improved durability by addition of nano-silicate and it is possible to provide a color tire with various colors 
The invention relates to a method for adjusting a pulse detection threshold consisting in detecting a pulse when the edge of said pulse envelop crosses the threshold, in allocating (A) a staring value (TH<SUB>0</SUB>) to the threshold and in adjusting (B<SUB>1</SUB>) the threshold (TH) in such a way that the number of pulses detected on at least one observation window (OW<SUB>j</SUB>) satisfies a predetermined criterion in a determined time. 
The invention concerns a method and a device for adjusting or setting an electronic device (1) having at least one input for an external input signal and at least one output for an output signal, the value or the state of the output signal being a function of the value or the state of the input signal. 
A storage circuit (9) for storing the value of an adjustment signal is connected to an input for adjusting the electronic device. 
A circuit (11) increments/decrements said adjustment value stored in said memory circuit. 
A switching circuit (12) switches said input of the electronic device to a predetermined state and connects said output of the electronic device to said memory circuit via said incrementing/decrementing circuit. 
Said incrementing/decrementing circuit (11) is capable of adjusting the value of said signal to said predetermined state, the value or the state of said output signal tending towards or achieving a predetermined value or a predetermined state 
The invention relates to a method for controlling a vehicle drive unit (32) and a vehicle control appliance (10). 
Said vehicle drive unit (32) comprises at least two individual drives (34, 36) and a vehicle control appliance (10), inside which a continuous torque comparison (24) is carried out between an admissible torque M<SUB>Zul</SUB> and another torque. 
The admissible torque M<SUB>Zul</SUB> is continuously compared with nominal torques M<SUB>Soll</SUB>, <SUB>v</SUB> (38) and M<SUB>Soll</SUB>, <SUB>E</SUB> (40) for the at least two individual drives (34, 36) 
This invention relates to a stacking apparatus (1) placed between two stacked front loaded household appliances (X, Y) such as a washing machine and a dryer. 
The stacking apparatus (1), the object of present invention, provides the upper household appliance (Y) to be rotated without being taken down and the rear side to be accessed when needed 
A measuring system for inner diameter of axle hole comprises a measuring apparatus, a laser measuring head, a laser ranger, an electric control system and an industrial control computer. 
The measuring apparatus comprises four stepmotors which drive a measuring car moving along the shaft of axle hole in axial direction, a measuring carriage translating, the measuring carriage lifting and the laser measuring head rotating respectively, the measuring car makes up of the measuring apparatus. 
The laser measuring head is used to measure and generate measuring data. 
The laser ranger is used to detect a forward distance of the measuring car in axial direction. 
The electric control system control the electrical interface and switch of the stepmotor, the laser measuring head and the industrial control computer. The industrial control computer is used to control data acquisition and processing and measuring process 
Novel compositions of silicon-containing sulfhydryl compounds, their preparation and use in methods for treating disease are described. 
Silicon confers lipophilicity that can enhance the penetration of the silicon derivative sulfhydryl compounds across the gut wall, cell membranes and blood brain barrier, thus improving therapeutic properties including bioavailability, metabolism, and/or pharmacokinetics. 
The organosilyl group provides compounds having improved pharmacokinetics. 
The invention encompasses novel compounds, analogs, prodrugs and pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof, pharmaceutical compositions and methods for treatment of diseases and other maladies or conditions and the like. 
The subject invention also relates to processes for making such compounds as well as to intermediates useful in such processes 
A pump that comprises a fluid reservoir, a pump bulb, a plurality of tubing, and at least one inflatable penile cylinder. 
The pump comprises a pump body, an inlet valve within the pump body, an exhaust valve within the pump body and in fluid communication with the inlet valve, and a deflate valve within the pump body and in fluid communication with the inlet valve and the exhaust valve. 
The deflate valve enables one-touch release by (i) providing a voluntarily-activated fluid bypass so that fluid from the at least one inflatable penile cylinder can return to the fluid reservoir through at least one of the plurality of tubing without sustained activation of the deflate valve, and (ii) closing upon subsequent inflation of the at least one inflatable penile cylinder when such inflation is initiated by squeezing the pump bulb so that fluid does not flow back to the fluid reservoir 
The bevelling machine with automatic, mechanical feed characterized in that, the cutter housing (4) is fixed to the carriage (7) through the guide (5), carriage (7) is positioned on the rack by roller wheels (8), the racked guide rail (9) is fixed with the work piece (12) with a set of clamps (10 and 11), there is a housing (13) which holds an electric feed motor (14) which moves the carriage (7) along the racked guide rail (9) using an output pinion and also inside the housing (13) there is also an electronic control unit (15), this housing is mounted on the carriage (7) 
The present invention relates to an algicidal agent containing prodigiosin which has algicidal activity against red tide organisms and a gene cluster involved in biosynthesis of prodigiosin, which is a red pigment, produced by Hahella chejuensis, more particularly, to a gene cluster involved in biosynthesis of a red pigment of H. chejuensis, a method for producing prodigiosin using the gene cluster, an algicidal agent containing prodigiosin and a method for removing red tides using prodigiosin. 
The inventive prodigiosin has an excellent algicidal effect against a red tide dinoflagellate, thus it is useful as an active ingredient of an algicidal agent for removing red tides 
A light panel (115, 215, 403, 503, 513, 603, 605) having a predetermined number of emitted color options and a processor (113, 213) operably coupled to the light panel (115, 215, 403, 503, 513, 603, 605). 
The processor (113, 213) responds to a first color selection actuation by controlling the light panel (115, 215, 403, 503, 513, 603, 605) to display each of the predetermined emitted light options within different portions of the light panel (115, 215, 403, 503, 513, 603, 605). 
Thereafter, the processor (113, 213) responds to a second color selection actuation by controlling the light panel (115, 215, 403, 503, 513, 603, 605) to display a selected one of the predetermined emitted light options substantially over the light panel (115, 215, 403, 503, 513, 603, 605), wherein the selected one of the predetermined emitted light options is indicated by the second color selection actuation 
An apparatus and method for obtaining a storage medium with a deeply customizable set of installed content. 
Soft assets (e.g., programs, songs, videos, etc.) that form the content are selected from among a much larger set of preinstalled soft assets previously stored on storage media, such as disk drives. 
In some embodiments, based on a user's selections, the non- selected assets are permanently erased from a storage medium, while the remaining assets are available as installed (wherein substantially no further processing is required to install them). In some embodiments, a new device uses the storage medium to provide its user with a fully functional device without the need to separately install the soft assets from a plurality of sources (e.g., from program-distribution CDROMS and the like). 
Some embodiments include the storage medium having the soft assets installed, and including a program that elicits selections from a user and erases non-selected assets 
The invention concerns a hypodermic needle safety apparatus (10) which is either manufactured as a separate unit for retrofitting to an existing hypodermic needle (28), for example the hypodermic needle of a syringe, or which is connected integrally to the needle. 
The safety apparatus has an end cap (16) which locates over the tip of the needle when the apparatus is in a safe condition and which can be retracted along the needle during use. 
A flexible, resilient support structure (20) extends alongside the needle and supports the end cap. 
In a relaxed state the support structure has an inwardly bowed shape that prevents retraction of the end cap. 
A deflecting arrangement (22) is provided which can operate to deflect the support structure from the inwardly bowed shape to a shape that allows retraction of the end cap along the needle 
A Stirling machine comprising a reciprocating power piston with a power magnet (3), and a stator (6) having a coil (9) electromagnetically coupled to the power magnet. 
At least one spring magnet (4) is arranged to provide an axial centring force on the piston. 
The spring magnet is fixed with respect to the stator 
Device and method of forming a device in which a substrate (10) is fabricated with at least part of an electronic circuit for processing signals. 
A bulk single crystal material (14) is formed on the substrate, either directly on the substrate (10) or with an intervening thin film layer or transition region (12). 
A particular application of the device is for a radiation detector 
Semiconductor device structure and method of manufacture therefore having a first bulk single crystal semiconductor material, an interfacial region provided on the first bulk single crystal semiconductor material, and a second bulk single crystal semiconductor material. 
The second bulk single crystal semiconductor material is a group II-VI material dissimilar to the first bulk single crystal semiconductor material. 
The interfacial region including at least one film of a group II-VI material. 
The interfacial region may have more than one film 
A burner assembly comprising a burner element (8) at which gas is combusted. 
A valve (2) allows selective release of gas from a source into an expandable space (4) when the valve is opened. 
The space is expanadable up to a fixed volume (3) against the action of a restoring means. 
The space is arranged to contract under the action of the restoring means to force gas out of the space and to the burner element 
A camera or other optical system is focused by generating a plurality of digital images each obtained with a different focus setting of the optical system. 
These images are analysed to generate for each image a score (S) by comparing first groups of pixels chosen from the image with second groups chosen from the image such that the pixels of each second group have same respective positional relationships with respect to one another as the pixels of the first group with which it is compared have to one another, the score (S) being a function of the number of matches obtained with said comparisons. 
The focus setting that gives the score corresponding to the largest number of matches is chosen 
The present invention relates to a composition comprising at least one compound of the avermectin family, preferably ivermectin, characterized in that the composition is an inverse emulsion containing a glycol or water-glycol dispersed hydrophilic phase, a lipophilic continuous phase and an emulsifier with an HLB of between 2 and 7, wherein said composition does not comprise any DHEA and/or its chemical and/or biological precursors and/or derivatives and/or any vitamin D derivative. This inverse emulsion makes it possible to prevent crystallization of the active agent and/or chemical degradation thereof while at the same time having good stability and being well tolerated 
A multilayer pipe (2) is formed. 
The multilayer pipe (2) comprises at least two inner layers (2a, 2b, 2c) between the layers (2a, 2b, 2c) there is adhesive material (7). 
The adhesive material (7) or the materials in the layers (2a, 2b, 2c) are modified such that at least one physical property of the adhesive material (7) between the layers (2a, 2b, 2c) differs from the physical properties of the material in at least one layer (2a, 2b, 2c) such that the thickness of the layer (2a, 2b, 2c) is detected with x-ray imaging 
In order to detect a power outage in a volatile data memory containing useful data units and test data units associated with to the useful data units, the associated test data unit is read along with the useful data unit when said useful data unit is read-accessed, a decision is made as to whether the useful data is corrupt or not based on the test data unit, and a power outage is identified when at least two read useful data units within a predefined number of successive read accesses are considered to be corrupt 
The present invention relates to carbazoles/fluorenes, to processes for their preparation and to their use for preparing pharmaceutical agents for the treatment of disorders connected to the EP<SUB>2</SUB> receptor 
A lock is provided with a body (1) comprising therein a locking mechanism embodied in the form of a latch (2), a first holder (7) for locking the latch (2), means for tightening the first holder (7), a second holder (12) for locking the first holder (7), a drive mechanism for the second holder (12) embodied in the form of a third holder (16), a drive of the third holder (16) embodied in the form of an electromagnet (19, 20) and means for tightening the second holder (12) which is mounted in such a way that it is enabled to interact with the first holder (7) or with the locking mechanism 
The invention relates to the method for decreasing postprandial glucose excursion in a mammal in need thereof comprising a step of administering to said mammal an effective amount of water comprising from 99.76 to 99.99 molecular % of isotopologue <SUP>1</SUP>H<SUB>2</SUB> <SUP>16</SUP 
An adsorbent-containing cold-setting composition which enables an adsorbent poor in heat resistance, acid resistance, and alkali resistance to be tightly held in a solid mass and molded and to be used in various environment-improving applications and industrial applications; an adsorbent-containing molded object; and a building material and an impregnant for paving both containing an adsorbent. 
The adsorbent-containing cold-setting composition comprises: one or more compounds selected from the group consisting of inorganic sulfuric acid compounds, inorganic carbonic acid compounds, and inorganic phosphoric acid compounds; magnesium oxide; and an adsorbent. 
Even when the adsorbent is poor in heat resistance, acid resistance, and alkali resistance, the composition can be processed into a desired shape and size and made to have moderate strength and water resistance without impairing adsorptivity. 
The composition is usable in various environment-improving applications and industrial applications, such as a molded object for water treatment or gas treatment, building material having the function of cleaning an indoor environment, water-holding building material, and impregnant for paving 
A water quality measuring apparatus that without dependence on the inflow rate of water under measurement for inflow into a water quality measuring tank, prevents deposition of any suspended matter in the measurement water and avoids generation of any stagnation point or Karman vortex in the vicinity of detection part of a water quality measuring probe. 
There is provided a water quality measuring apparatus including water quality measuring tank (32) having measurement water inflow port (31) and measurement water outflow port (36). 
The equipment thereof includes guide plate (35) for forming of vertically circulating flow in the water quality measuring tank (32), circulating flow generator (37) fitted with circulating flow generating part (38) for generation of vertically circulating flow, and water quality measuring probe (340). 
The water quality measuring probe (340) is disposed in such a direction that detection part (34) faces the vertically circulating flow 
A web access monitoring method and its program for inhibiting Web browsing unnecessary or false in view of work and education. 
A centralized management server managing computers includes a step of determining a mentoring rule containing the condition of warning against a Web access unnecessary or false in view of work and education and the processing form at the warning. 
A client computer has a filtering module for monitoring Web accesses. 
The filtering module includes a step of analyzing the communication contents of the client computer and detecting, if any, a Web access to the monitored object prescribed by the mentoring rule, a step of counting accesses when a Web access is detected, and a step of issuing a warning in real time against the user or the manager, or both according to the processing form at the warning if the number of accesses reaches an upper limit prescribed by the warning condition 
The invention relates to the screening of an unreported strain of thraustochytrid - SC1 producing significant amounts of Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and also accumulate their respective intermediate fatty acids in addition to DHA. 
This organism has been isolated from the backwaters of Goa by Pollen Baiting method. 
The fatty acid profile and the 18S ribosomal sequences of each of this organism has been disclosed indicating its molecular phylogeny. 
The organism on further study can be very significant for their utilization in the commercial production of DHA 
The invention relates to a process for producing a new type of high-quality hydrocarbon base oil of biological origin. 
The process of the invention comprises ketonisation, hydrodeoxygenation, and isomerization steps. 
Fatty acids and/or fatty acid esters based on a biological raw material are preferably used as the feedstock 
In order to be able to flexibly and dynamically control the selection of an access network to be used by a mobile terminal, the invention relates to an assembly comprising a cellular network which is provided with a core network (7; 27) and several access networks (3, 5; 23-26) for connecting mobile terminals to the core network (7; 27), and at least one mobile terminal (1; 21). 
The mobile terminal (1; 21) is equipped with a decision unit (2, 22) at the terminal end to select the access network (e.g. 3; 24) to be used by the mobile terminal (1; 21) while the cellular network encompasses a decision unit (8,- 29) at the network end to select the access network (e.g. 3; 24) to be used by the mobile terminal (1; 21) as well as a control device (10; 28) for controlling the decision unit located at the terminal end (2, 22) and at the network end (8; 29) 
The invention relates to an optical amplifying medium comprising a liquid medium, characterized in that the liquid medium comprises: - an organic ligand corresponding to the following chemical formula: the groups R<SUB>1</SUB>, R<SUB>2</SUB> and R<SUB>3</SUB> comprising halogenated chains, - a rare earth ion. The advantage of using a liquid medium lies in the possibility of more readily evacuating the heat within the amplifying medium. 
The present solution proposes a formulation which makes it possible, moreover, to have non-toxic entities, contrary to those proposed in the prior art 
The invention relates to a semiconductor device comprising a compound of the formula I and of the formula XXI, wherein the symbols have the meanings defined in the specification, to the novel compounds of the formula I and XXI and to the use of such a compound as an organic semiconductor for the preparation of an electronic device, and further compounds and devices, as well as other embodiments given in the specification 
Disclosed is a circuit arrangement for supplying a lamp wattage to a high-pressure discharge lamp (Lp) in the form of an alternating current having an operating frequency. 
The alternating current is generated by a full bridge that is composed of two half-bridge branches. 
The lamp wattage can be adjusted via the phase which the two half-bridge branches have relative to each other. 
The lamp wattage is modulated by means of the transmission function of an interface if the operating frequency is frequency-modulated. 
Said modulation of the lamp wattage can be compensated by adequately correcting the phase 
The invention relates to a sensor element for gas sensors for determining the gas constituents of a gas mixture, especially in exhaust gases of internal combustion engines. 
Said sensor element comprises at least one electrochemical measuring cell and at least one porous layer (24) that is exposed to the gas mixture. 
Said porous layer (24) contains palladium, platinum, ruthenium, an alkali metal and/or an alkaline earth metal, platinum being contained in the porous layer (24) in a minimum concentration of 1.5 % by weight. 
The invention also relates to a method and an impregnating solution for producing the sensor element 
Eyewear (100) of the present invention includes a frame (12) of substantially rigid material, at least one lens (104) and a substantially rigid lens retaining member (106) permanently engaging the at least one lens (104). 
The lens retaining member (106) extends along and projects radially and outwardly from at least a section of a periphery of the at least one lens (104). 
The outer edge of the lens retaining member (106) is removably engaged with the frame (12) 
A conduit cleaning method and apparatus for connection to a fluid inlet feed line and an outlet drain line utilizes a housing assembly having an inlet portion, an outlet portion, and a bight portion. 
The inlet and outlet portions have sloped leg sections which provide increased fluid flow through the bight to disperse accumulated debris. 
Rotatable shafts inside the housing accommodate paddles or jets to facilitate in retrieval or dispersal of obstruction 
A method by which a polyester and an unsaturated polyester can be rapidly depolymerized with a simple apparatus. 
One embodiment of the depolymerization method comprises irradiating a polyester with microwaves in the presence of an alkylene glycol in which fine titanium oxide particles having a bulk density of 0.3 g/cm<SUP>3</SUP> or lower have been dispersed. 
Another embodiment comprises irradiating a polyester or an unsaturated polyester with microwaves in the presence of a monohydric alcohol or polyhydric alcohol containing an alkali metal and/or alkaline earth metal. 
By using this depolymerization method, raw materials for a polyester, unsaturated polyester, or polyurethane, such as alkylene glycols and unsaturated dibasic acids, can be efficiently recovered 
[PROBLEMS] To provide a singular value decomposition device capable of performing parallel processing at a high speed with a high accuracy. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] A singular value decomposition device includes: a matrix dividing unit (14) for repeatedly performing a process for dividing a dual diagonal matrix B into two dual diagonal matrixes; a singular value decomposition unit (15) for subjecting the divided dual diagonal matrix to a singular value decomposition; a singular value calculation unit (17) for repeating the process for calculating a singular value of the dual diagonal matrix of the division element and a matrix element of the dual diagonal matrix of the division element from the singular value subjected to the singular value decomposition by the singular value decomposition unit (15) and the matrix elements as some of the elements of the right and left orthogonal matrix formed by a singular vector until a singular value of the dual orthogonal matrix B is obtained; and a singular vector calculation unit (19) for calculating a singular vector of the dual diagonal matrix B from the dual diagonal matrix B and its singular value by using the twist decomposition method 
A catalyst for exhaust gas purification that excels in exhaust gas purification performance and thermal stability, realizing low cost and precious metal saving; and a relevant catalyst member. 
There is provided a catalyst for exhaust gas purification characterized by having substantially a perovskite crystal structure and being composed of a composite oxide of the formula (1) carrying at least one or two or more types of elements selected from among Pt, Pd and Rh, and further provided a catalyst member making use of the same. 
A<SUB>a</SUB>B<SUB>1-x</SUB>B'<SUB>x</SUB>O<SUB>3-d</SUB> (1) wherein A is substantially an element, or a combination of two elements, selected from among Ba and Sr; B is substantially an element, or a combination of two elements, selected from among Fe and Co; B' is substantially an element, or a combination of two elements, selected from among Nb, Ta and Ti; a is 0.95 to 1.05; x is 0.05 to 0.3; and d is a value determined so as to satisfy the condition of charge neutrality 
Exhaust gas of boiler is introduced through gas inlet part (2) of flue-gas desulfurization apparatus, and absorbent liquid sprayed from spray nozzle (5) of absorbent liquid spray section (4) is trapped in liquid trapping section (7). 
There, agitation is performed by means of propeller (11) of oxidation agitator (8) to thereby oxidize SO<SUB>2</SUB> absorbed from the exhaust gas into gypsum. 
In the liquid trapping section (7), oxidation air is fed from posterior air pipe (10) and anterior air pipe (13) behind and ahead of liquid propulsion by the propeller (11). 
Thus, even when the amount of oxidation air must be increased in accordance with an increase of boiler load, the oxidation efficiency can be enhanced without increasing of the number of agitators. 
Accordingly, there can be provided a wet flue-gas desulfurization apparatus and method with which even when the amount of oxidation air fed to the liquid trapping section is increased, highly efficient oxidation can be performed without increasing of the number of agitators installed and the operating cost 
When a trouble occurs on a path established between two packet communication apparatuses, a substitute path is established to restore the communication therebetween with the affection of the path trouble on nothing but the two packet communication apparatuses. 
There are executed a topology change notification holding step in which when a local packet communication apparatus detects a trouble of a transmission channel or path between the local packet communication apparatus and an opposed one and restores the communication therebetween, it is not notified to any other packet communication apparatuses during a specified time interval that the connection between the local packet communication apparatus and the opposed one is disconnected; at least one of path restoring steps in which a path establishment signaling is performed and a local path communication apparatus and the opposed packet communication apparatus cooperate to establish a substitute path in the specified time interval; and a virtual interface establishment changing step in which a virtual interface, which was used for the path disconnected due to the trouble, is established as the substitute path 
A method of carbonitriding which can improve the rate of nitrogen penetration to enable a carbonitriding treatment to be conducted efficiently. 
It is a carbonitriding method for carbonitriding a raw material comprising a steel containing at least 0.8 mass% carbon, and comprises: an atmosphere control step in which the atmosphere inside a heat-treatment furnace is controlled; and a heating pattern control step in which the temperature history to be imparted to the raw material is controlled. 
The atmosphere control step comprises: an undecomposed-ammonia concentration control step in which the concentration of undecomposed ammonia in the heat-treatment furnace is controlled; and a partial-pressure control step in which the partial pressure of at least one of carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide in the heat-treatment furnace is controlled. 
In the atmosphere control step, the undecomposed-ammonia concentration control step and partial-ressure control step are conducted so that when the activity of carbon in the raw material is expressed as a<SUB>c</SUB> and the concentration of undecomposed ammonia in the heat-treatment furnace is expressed as C<SUB>N</SUB>, then the value of ? defined by ?=a<SUB>c</SUB>/C<SUB>N</SUB> is in the range of 2-5 
A positional information exchange device and a positional information exchange method that enable, between devices having different map databases, an exchange of accurate positional information by a simple construction and by transfer of a reduced amount of data. 
The positional information exchange device has a map database (6) having map information stored in it; information acquisition means (4) for acquiring, based on an instruction from the outside, waypoint information representing an exchange waypoint (8) at which positions from the map database are exchanged; information conversion means (3) for converting the acquired waypoint information to positional information (7) composed of peculiar-point information (10) representing a peculiar point commonly present in a plurality of map databases and of relevant information (9) representing a position relative to the peculiar point; and communication means (2) for transmitting waypoint exchange information (29) to the outside, the waypoint exchange information (29) containing the positional information obtained by the conversion. 
Further, the communication means receives waypoint exchange information from the outside, and the information exchange means specifies an exchange waypoint on a map database based on the waypoint information obtained by converting the positional information, contained in the waypoint exchange information received by the communication means, to the waypoint information 
The field of the invention is that of methods for synthesizing a cartographic image consisting of pixels and representing the distribution, over a terrain overflown by an aircraft, of the intervisibility zones. 
The image synthesis method according to the invention gives at one and the same time: a two-dimensional cartographic representation as viewed from above of a terrain (T) overflown by an aircraft, said terrain comprising at least one potential threat (M), the intervisibility zone, set of places from where the aircraft is liable to be visible by said threat, being represented by at least one plain colour, a second representation representing a vertical cross-sectional view of the terrain overflown, said second representation comprising a cross-sectional view of the intervisibility zone. 
Various arrangements of the first and second representations are proposed 
The device for the open front emptying of a drum coating installation has an emptying channel (3) and an emptying cone (4) connected to the latter. 
Said emptying cone is arranged coaxially with the drum (2) and its drum opening (19). 
The emptying channel (3) is provided with means (7) for securing it on the drum flange (10) and for connection to the emptying cone (4) 
A quantum dot laser operates on a quantum dot ground-state optical transition. 
The laser has a broadband (preferably =15nm) spectrum of emission and a high output power (preferably =100mW). 
Special measures control the maximum useful pump level, the total number of quantum dots in the laser active region, the carrier relaxation to the quantum dot ground states, and the carrier excitation from the quantum dot ground states. 
In one embodiment, a spectrally-selective loss is introduced into the laser resonator in order to suppress lasing on a quantum dot excited-state optical transition, thereby increasing the bandwidth of the emission spectrum 
The invention relates to a fifth wheel for coupling a tractor (10) to a trailer (21), having a saddle plate (100), having a kingpin (20) with an outer coupling face or engagement face (30), and having connections for connecting electrical and pneumatic supply lines between the tractor and the trailer. 
Here, the supply lines of the tractor are guided to a plug part (110), and the supply lines are guided from a socket part (200) on the trailer (21) to the intended points. 
Said plug part (110) is arranged on the side opposite from the mouth opening of the saddle plate (100), and can, by means of a drive, be moved out of said position into a plug-in position with the socket part (200) 
Disclosed is an anti-orthopoxvirus recombinant polyclonal antibody comprising distinct members which in union are capable of binding at least three orthopoxvirus related antigens, a pharmaceutical composition comprising the antibody, and a method for its production. 
Also disclosed is a polyclonal cell line capable of producing the recombinant polyclonal antibody as therapeutic methods utilizing the polyclonal antibody. 
Finally, the invention also pertains to a method for screening for useful VH and VL pairs useful when preparing the polyclonal antibody 
Disclosed are a tackifier for paper and self-contained paper, several uses of said tackifier, a microcapsule coating material for self-contained paper, and a method for producing the same for self-contained paper. 
The aim of the invention is to create a tackifier for paper and self-contained paper, uses thereof, a microcapsule coating material for self-contained paper, a use and a method for producing the same, which make it possible to improve the tack of ink, especially on the coated back layer (CB), decrease the drying time, and accelerate the printing process. 
Said aim is achieved by the fact that the tackifier contains a fixing agent that is selected among ethylene imine, polyethylene imine, and the derivatives thereof, as well as a dispersing agent which is selected among polycarboxylic acid and the derivatives thereof. 
The inventive tackifier can be used in digital printing and self-contained paper. 
The microcapsule coating material for embodying the coated back layer (CB) of the self-contained paper contains the inventive tackifier. 
The production method essentially encompasses the following steps: the tackifier is produced in the form of an aqueous solution, and microcapsules, binder, spacer, and additional water are then dispersed in the substance 
A method for managing the SCTP output stream queues and implementing data transmission includes: set several output stream queues in SCTP coupling, after SCTP protocol layer has received the ULP data from the upper layer, it divides the ULP data, then gets the message blocks; storage one or more message blocks got from the whole upper layer protocol data in the same output stream queue, each output stream queue holds a different buffer; by polling, after get one or more message blocks got from the whole upper layer protocol data from certain output stream queue, switch to the next output stream queue; then encapsulate the got message blocks into a stream control transmission protocol packet and send it. 
The invention ensures rapidly and reliably unfailingly transmitting the IP signal , ensures the stability and reliability of the third generation mobile communication system 
A printed solenoid inductor delay line system comprises discrete delay sections, where the inductor is implemented in the form of a printed, spiraling solenoid, with the solenoid axis in the plane of the multi-layer printed circuit board (PCB) 
A golf club grip for attachment to a golf club shaft formed of a lower section (20) having a first outer diameter an an upper section (18) having a second outer diameter smaller than the first outer diameter Both the lower section (20) and the upper section (18) each extend approximately half the length of the golf club grip with a tapered transition section (22) connecting the lower and upper sections The structure of the golf club grip promotes better feel and allows a golfer's non-dominant upper hand to obtain a firmer and stronger grip while allowing the dominant lower hand to impart more force to the ball with the golf club 
A Group III-V Semiconductor device and method of fabrication is described. 
A high-k dielectric is interfaced to a confinement region by a chalcogenide region 
The disclosed embodiments relate to a method and apparatus for determining the frequency offset in a receiver. 
The apparatus includes a link circuit (200). 
The link circuit includes a frequency translator (204, 206) for translating the input signal, a detector (210) for measuring the magnitude of the translated signal, and a controller (220) for determining a maximum value of magnitude of a plurality of magnitudes measured by the detector (210) as a result of controlling the frequency translator (204, 206). 
The method (400) includes receiving an input signal, mixing the signal with a plurality of frequencies (402), processing the plurality of second signals to generate a plurality of magnitudes and a plurality of associated frequency values, (408) and determining a maximum magnitude from the plurality of magnitudes (416) 
The invention relates to a device which is coupled to a standard distance piece of the lateral spacer or disk type and which can be used to fix said piece to a relatively-smooth material into which the device is driven, such as to apply the piece against a reference surface which may take the form of an adjoining wall or an arch, thereby ensuring: the correct positioning of the structural elements to which the distance piece or spacer is fixed; the thickness of the concrete layer between said structural elements and the reference surface which can provide insulation or serve as a construction joint; and hence the correct position and operation of the panel or wall of smooth material serving as a construction joint or as a thermal or sound insulating material 
An information reproducing device (200) is provided with a display means (353) which displays a main image, a first type sub-image and a second type sub-image, and notifying means (354, 359) which send notice information relating to at least the first type sub-image or the second-type sub-image 
A radiation measuring device capable of identifying the incoming direction of a radiation ray and energy (segmentation). 
The directivity characteristics of a plurality of detectors are different from each other. 
A plurality of energy segmentations are set respectively for a plurality of spectra corresponding to a plurality of detectors, and actual measurement ratio information (a plurality of actual measurement counting ratios) expressing the mutual ratio between integrated counting values for each energy segmentation is computed. 
The actual measurement ratio information is checked against a plurality of response functions, and, when the compatibility relation between specific actual measurement ratio information and specific theoretical ratio information is found, the incoming direction of a radiation ray and an energy segmentation are identified based on that relation 
A fuel cell system capable of warming up a fuel cell while preventing a rush current. 
A controlling device (90) changes over the connection/disconnection between a fuel cell (40) and a short circuit (80) by a shorting relay (81). 
The controlling device (90) spends, before switching the short circuit relay (81) from disconnection to connection at cold starting, oxidizing gas remaining in the cathode of the fuel cell (40) by driving auxiliary devices to generate an oxidizing gas-deficient state. 
Then, the controlling device (90) switches an FC relay (61) from on to off and the short circuit relay (81) from off to on to thereby complete the preparation for supplying a short-circuit current 
A fuel cell system in which a poisoned electrode catalyst can be recovered while meeting the demand for the output power. 
When a controller detects that an electrode catalyst is poisoned, it derives a target operation point adequate for recovering the function of the poisoned electrode catalyst and realizes a shift of the operation point at which the output power is kept constant. 
Specifically, the FC voltage is controlled using a DC/DC converter, and the amount of oxidizing gas fed from an oxidizing gas supply source is adjusted, thereby controlling the FC current 
It is an object to provide a display device having an electroluminescent element in which a contrast ratio is increased. 
In a display device having an electroluminescent element (100) between a pair of light transmitting substrates (101, 102), a circularly polarizing plate having stacked polarizing plates (111, 112) arranged on outer sides thereof is provided. 
At this time, opposed polarizing plates (121, 122) are arranged to be in a crossed nicol state or in a parallel nicol state. As a result, a display device with a high contrast ratio can be provided 
A shaft coupling mechanism (1) for an electric power steering device comprises a coupling base body (3) coupled to a rotating shaft (2), a coupling base body (5) coupled to a steering shaft (4), a rotation transmission member (6) disposed between the rotating shaft (2) and the steering shaft (4) via both coupling base bodies (3) and (5) and transmitting a rotation in an R-direction to the steering shaft (4), a rotation transmission damping member (7) disposed on the rotation transmission member (6), and a holding means (8) holding the position of the rotation transmission damping member (7) in the R-direction relative to the rotation transmission member (6) 
Provided is a peripheral device capable of reducing a user load when checking driver version information. 
When installing a driver, driver version information is acquired via PC connection unit (27) and the acquired driver version information is stored in a storage device (15). 
By operating an operation key unit (22) and a dial key (23), it is possible to display version information on a display device (25) 
It is intended to provide a method of reinforcing a soft sealing part of a mutlicell container for medical use by a simple treatment. 
This method of reinforcing a soft sealing part of a mutlicell container for medical use comprises: the mutlicell container production step for producing a mutlicell container for medical use (10) which has a first storage part (11) for storing a drug, a second storage part (12) for storing a drug solution, a vacant storage part (13), a pair of hard sealing parts (16) forming the both edges of each storage part, a soft sealing part (17) in the drug solution side which forms a partition wall between the first storage part (11) and the second storage part (12) and a soft sealing part (18) in the discharge side which forms a partition wall between the first storage part (11) and the vacant storage part (13); and the soft sealing part reinforcing step wherein a reinforcing film (20) for reinforcing the soft sealing part (18) in the discharge side is adhered so that it covers the surface of the first storage part (11) and a space is provided in the discharge direction (14) at the first boundary edge (19) from the first storage part (11) in the soft sealing part (18) in the discharge side 
Provided are a method and a device for automatically calibrating a light intensity measurement device. 
The light intensity measurement device calibration device (1) includes an optical switch (3) for switching the route of output from a light intensity modulator (2), a light attenuator (5) arranged on a first waveguide (4), a second waveguide (6), a light intensity measurement device (7), a control device (8) for receiving the light intensity information measured by the light intensity measurement device (7) and controlling the signal to be applied to the light intensity modulator (2), and a signal source (9) for receiving the control signal of the control device (8) and adjusting the signal to be applied to the light intensity modulator (2) 
A toothbrush (1) wherein a plural number of bristle bundles (4) to (7) each having synthetic resin bristles are fixed on a brush-filling base (3) of the brush body (10) to thereby form a brush-filling area (9); bristle bundles (6) and (6) that have almost triangular sections of the same shape tempering from the sides toward the axial core of the toothbrush (1) are provided in both sides of the brush-filling base (3) adjacent to the axial core direction of the toothbrush (1) in such a manner that the distance between the centers thereof is almost the same as the length in the width direction of a single tooth; and, between the bristle bundles (6) and (6) adjacent to each other, a bristle bundle (7) having a rectangular cross section being longer in the axial core direction of the toothbrush (1) is provided outside the bristle bundle (6) in the width direction of the brush-filling base (3). 
Owing to this structure, the toothbrush is excellent in the effects of removing plaque in the gap between teeth and the gap between teeth and gum, cleansing performance, handling properties in the oral cavity, design and so on 
A method for detecting and counting particles suspended in fluids, such as bacteria suspended in urine, utilizing dynamic features of the suspended particles and employing light scattering measurements. 
The disclosed method is suitable for determining the susceptibility of bacteria to antibiotics. 
A cuvette for detecting bacteria in fluids, which is especially suited for the light scattering measurements, is provided 
Presented herein is a novel sliding door system that that enables adjustment of at least two sliding doors relative to each other such that surfaces of the sliding doors create a substantially flush surface a support onto which the sliding door mechanism is mounted. 
The system includes at least one inner and outer sliding door slidably coupled to corresponding guide rails. 
The guide rail that is coupled to the outer sliding door is selectably moveable by a sliding door mechanism between a first and a second position. 
In the first position, a user can slide outer and inner sliding doors along said guide rails, whereas in the second position, a surface of the outer sliding door is substantially flush with a surface of said inner sliding door 
Baby bottle cleaning unit comprising: a base comprising first series of holders for holding components of dismantled artificial baby feeder face downward; lid for covering base and enclosing holders; fluid reservoir with heating element therein for heating fluid; conduits for carrying liquid from reservoir to series of nozzles for directing fluids onto components; an upper gear system rotatively coupled to underside of lid; an upper series of scrubbers, each scrubber dedicated to a holder and drivenly coupled to upper gear system to rotate scrubber with respect to component in holder; a lower gear system rotatively coupled to the base; lower system of scrubbers drivenly coupled to gear system for rotating each scrubber with respect to a holder; a catch for catching lid onto base to close bottle cleaning unit, such that components held in holders are scrubbed inside and out by the scrubbers, and rinsed by heated fluid from reservoir 
Some demonstrative embodiments of the invention include a method, device and/or system of performing an administrative operation on a user token. 
The method may include, for example, providing to an admin token user-identification data identifying the user token; receiving from the admin token an administrator code to enable performing the administrative operation; and providing the administrator code to the user token. 
Other embodiments are described and claimed. 
The invention provides a method for the combined production of (I) a sulfur oxide containing product and (II) a fertilizer selected from a group consisting of ammonium nitrate, ammonium phosphates and a combination thereof, through an indirect neutralization of ammonia with an acid selected from the group consisting of nitric acid, phosphoric acid and a combination thereof, the method comprising: a. contacting a precipitate containing calcium sulfite with a solution of nitric acid and a solution of ammonia in two separate steps, to form the fertilizer, the sulfur oxide containing product and a precipitate containing calcium hydroxide; and b. separating at least portion of the fertilizer, the sulfur oxide and the calcium hydroxide into three separated streams 
According to a preferred embodiment of the present invention there is provided a bite block assembly adapted for capnography and oxygen delivery to a subject, the bite block assembly including a first capnography passageway adapted for passage therethrough of exhaled breath from the subject to a capnograph and a second oxygen delivery passageway, separate from the first passageway, adapted for passage therethrough of oxygen from an oxygen source to the mouth of the subject 
This invention relates to a multifunctional machine for correction of flatness and tensioning errors in a disk-shaped blade (L), having a bearing frame (2) with locking means (3) mounted thereto for locking a blade to be corrected, sensor means (4) for detecting flatness and tensioning defects in the blade (L), at least one pair of pressure tools (5', 5") having an anvil (6) and a hammer (7) in facing relationship to each other for correcting defects on opposite sides of the blade (L). 
The machine is characterized in that it comprises at least two pairs of pressure tools (5', 5") having respective anvils (6) on opposite sides of the blade (L), the pressure tools (5', 5") being mounted to a single support element (8) to sequentially act on corresponding opposite faces (S<SUB>1</SUB>, S<SUB>2</SUB>) of the blade (L). 
The invention further relates to a method for automatic correction of flatness and tensioning defects in the blade, as well as to a computer program for controlling the machine and carrying out the method 
A modular device for structures and furniture comprising: insert means (2), each provided with a head (3) and of coupling means (22); connection means (9), each provided with a plurality of housings (10) having form approximately complementary to the form of the heads (3) fixable in the said respective housings (10); block means (11, 12, 13) for fixing the head (3) to the related housing (10). 
The head (3) and the housing (10) are approximately of frustopyramidal shaped and each coupling mean (22) comprises either one fixing means for plates (101) or panels, and/or expansion fixing means for tubular elements (102) or the like 
A tool for washing a wellbore or hollow tubular has a longitudinal axis and comprises one or more elongate nozzles for ejecting fluid generally radially from the tool. 
The or each nozzle extends circumferentially around the tool so as to provide a continuous stationary jet of fluid. 
Preferably the nozzles collectively provide 360° around the tool 
A refrigerant condenser (3) for a refrigeration device comprises a condenser tube (4) which is bent to form a tube layer (5) which comprises several tens of tube loops (8). 
The tube loops (8) are fixed in position in relation to one another by struts (9') which are likewise formed by a condenser tube 
The invention relates to a method for refining or descaling thin slabs and rolled strips in a hot strip mill. 
Said method is characterized by using cryogens such as nitrogen or a compound formed by cryogens with a carrier medium such as pressurized air, which are sprayed onto the slab surface or onto the strip surface in liquid and deep-frozen form. 
The invention also relates to a method for refining or descaling strips of a strip treatment installation having the characterizing features and to a corresponding device 
The present invention relates to a device for use in performing assays on standard laboratory solid supports whereon chemical entities are attached. 
The invention furthermore relates to the use of such a device and a kit comprising such a device. 
The device according to the present invention is adapted to receive one or more replaceable solid support(s) (40) onto which chemical entities (41) are attached, said device comprising a base (1, 60, 80, 300, 400, 10, 70, 140, 20, 90, 120, 150, 30, 100), one or more inlet(s) (5), one or more outlet(s) (6). 
The base and the solid support (40) defines, when operatively connected, one or more chambers (21) comprising the chemical entities (41), the inlet(s) (5) and outlet(s) (6) and chambers (21) being in fluid connection. 
The device further comprise means for providing differing chemical conditions in each chamber (21) 
An animal housing and a method for providing bedding thereto are disclosed. 
In an embodiment, the animal housing comprises a top and a plurality of sides. The plurality of sides provide support to the top. 
The animal housing further includes a bedding. 
The bedding includes a cushion, a pillow, a magnet, and a magnetically attractive material, wherein magnetism of the magnet attracting the magnet to the magnetically attractive material secures the pillow to the cushion 
The present invention provides compositions and methods to reduce renal damage caused by nephrotoxic drugs. 
The invention provides compositions comprising an anionically substituted oligosaccharide, a nephrotoxic drug and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier, where the oligosaccharide is present in an amount effective for substantially inhibiting the nephrotoxic effect of the drug 
A lamp socket for an automotive exterior lamp assembly that can be used with a replaceable incandescent bulb. 
The lamp socket comprises a plastic socket made from nylon 4,6. 
The lamp socket exhibits reduced outgassing that would otherwise result from photo-oxidative degradation of the polymers in the plastic socket. This helps prevent fogging of the lamp assembly lens and/or reflector for improved performance and aesthetic appearance over the life of the lamp assembly. 
The incandescent bulb used in the assembly can include a press-sealed end having a sleeve attached over the press-sealed end, and the sleeve can be made from at least one of nylon 4,6, PEI and PPA. 
The incandescent bulb may also have a molded plastic base, and the base can also be made from at least one of nylon 4,6, PEI and PPA 
A method and apparatus are provided to control combustion in a multi- cylinder internal combustion engine operating in a controlled auto-ignition mode with minimum combustion phasing error using a least amount of fuel reforming. 
This comprises monitoring combustion in each cylinder, and determining a target combustion phasing. 
Fuel delivery to each cylinder is selectively controlled effective to achieve the target combustion phasing, and, effective to achieve the target combustion phasing further comprises controlling the fuel delivery effective to equilibrate combustion phasing of the cylinders 
Methods and apparatus are described which employ a new media type built on the concept of assembling a "story" from intelligent, large-grained containers rather than placing the constituent parts of a presentation on a fixed timeline 
The present invention relates to methods of treating or preventing ischemia- related (i.e., neural cell hypoxia and/or hypoglycemic) conditions by administering to a patient in need thereof certain thiosemicarbazone compounds. More particularly, the present invention relates to methods of preventing or treating certain ischemia-related conditions, which may include Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, and ischemic states that are due to or result from such conditions as: coronary artery bypass graft surgery; global cerebral ischemia due to cardiac arrest; focal cerebral infarction; cerebral hemorrhage; hemorrhage infarction; hypertensive hemorrhage; hemorrhage due to rupture of intracranial vascular abnormalities; subarachnoid hemorrhage due to rupture of intracranial arterial aneurysms; hypertensive encephalopathy; carotid stenosis or occlusion leading to cerebral ischemia; cardiogenic thromboembolism; spinal stroke and spinal cord injury; diseases of cerebral blood vessels, e.g., atherosclerosis, vasculitis; macular degeneration; myocardial infarction; cardiac ischemia; and superaventicular tachyarrhytmia 
The present invention includes broccoli plants with curds having detached florets and methods for obtained such broccoli plants. 
The present invention also provides reagents that can be used in methods for obtaining such broccoli plants 
A system for treating metallic articles in an atmospheric furnace (304) while injecting at least one fluid material within the furnace (304) and/or in a catalyst bed (214e) connected to the furnace (304) 
Systems, methods, media, and devices for providing cooperation among digital processing devices in wireless networks are provided. 
In some embodiments, methods for moving a connection from one point of access to another point of access are provided, sending a request for information from a first mobile node to at least one other node, wherein the request for information contains first information identifying at least one point of access; receiving a response containing second information identifying at least one point of access from the at least one other node; and establishing a connection between the first mobile node and a point of access identified in the second information, hi some embodiments, devices that can move a connection from one point of access to another point of access are provided 
The present invention relates to vacuum processing systems in which process gases are introduced in a process chamber and are exhausted through a vacuum processing system exhaust path. 
Deposits made by the exhausted gas are reduced or eliminated by introducing a reactive gas upstream of the device affected by deposits. 
The amount of introduced reactive gas is controlled by measuring gas phase concentrations of exhausted gas components upstream and downstream of the affected device, and, from those measurements, determining whether the components are being consumed in deposits on the affected device 
A gaming services framework includes web services extensions and comprises a set of services, protocols, XML schemas, and methods for providing gaming system functionality in a distributed, network based architecture. 
Systems and methods provide a service-oriented framework for gaming and property management based upon internetworking technology and web services concepts. 
One aspect of the systems and methods includes a loosely coupled architecture that consists of software components that semantically encapsulate discrete functionality (self contained and perform a single function or a related group of functions - the component describes its own inputs and outputs in a way that other software can determine what it does, how to invoke its functionality, and what result to expect). 
These components may be distributed and programmatically accessible (called by and exchange data with other software) over standard internetworking protocols (TCP/IP, HITP, DNS, DHCP, etc.) 
A system, method and apparatus for rapid, large angle, high-precision steering of one or more beams of light, and in particular, laser beams, using one or more concave reflectors to provide narrow, essentially collimated output beams. 
The rapid, beam steering device amplifies the angular deflection provided by a small angle steering element by means of one or more concave reflecting surfaces while controlling the divergence of the output beam using a divergence control lens, to produce an essentially collimated output beam in a field of regard that subtends +/- 45 degrees on one axis and +/- 50 degrees on an orthogonal axis 
An advertising system (10) provides content relevant advertisements (19) to a client. 
The system (10) comprises an advertisement object (30), an auto rendering object (31 ), and a distribution object (22). 
The advertisement object (30) defines an instance of advertisement content (13) in a placement database (24) and defines, in association with the instance, each of a financial parameter (60) and redirect data (64). 
The auto rendering object (31 ) generates associated advertisement content (15). 
The distribution object (22) receives advertisement requests (17) and, in response to receiving an advertisement request (17): i) obtains from the placement database (24), an instance of advertisement content (13); ii) obtains from the placement database (24), the associated advertisement content (15) that is associated with the instance of advertisement content (13) in the placement database (24), and iii) returns an advertisement impression (19) comprising both the instance of advertisement content (13) and the associated advertisement content (15) 
A gamercard associated with an integrated gamer profile to identify a gamer is provided to the gamer and other PC/console users who also participate in other online gaming community activities such as game-related web sites. 
The gamercard is also provided to the user from the central database through a gamercard server by a user providing a single URL from any device connected to the web. 
The URL is uniform for each gamer's gamercard, except for the part of the URL that includes the name associated with the particular gamer. 
A system for setting up a transaction between at least two parties via a network of computers. 
The system comprises a server, by which an independent site can be presented via the network. 
The site comprises a public part and a transaction page secured by at least one access code. 
At least two addresses, i.e. an address of a first party and an address of a second party, can be communicated to the system by means of a single computer connected to the public part of the sites via the network. 
These addresses make it possible for the system to contact the parties. 
The access code for the transaction page that has been completed by the first party can be sent to an address of the second party using a means of communication 
Disclosed is a separator for electric double layer capacitors which is composed of a porous sheet containing a fibrillated heat-resistant fiber, a polyester fiber having a fineness of not less than 0.01 dtex and less than 0.10 dtex, and a fibrillated cellulose. 
The separator for electric double layer capacitors is suitable for an electric double layer capacitor which operates at a high voltage of not less than 3 V 
A long obliquely drawn film having an axis of orientation in the direction of 10° to 85° angle (?s) from the width direction is obtained by gripping width-direction two ends of longitudinally drawn film of average retardation (Re<SUB>1</SUB>) by grip means; passing the film through a preheating zone, a drawing zone and a fixing zone to thereby attain drawing under such conditions that a test piece of long obliquely drawn film of average retardation (Re<SUB>2</SUB>) (Re<SUB>2</SUB> is smaller than Re<SUB>1</SUB>) is obtained; releasing the two ends of the film from the grip means; and taking up the film around a winding core 
Disclosed is a molded body of an enhancer agent which generates only a little mist while having good ignitionability. 
Specifically disclosed is a molded body of an enhancer agent which contains (a) 20-50% by mass of a fuel containing a salt of bitetrazole, (b) 40-80% by mass of an oxidizing agent, and (c) 1-20% by mass of a binder 
Disclosed is a solid oxide fuel cell comprising an electrolyte layer (101) composed of a sintered body of a metal oxide powder, a fuel electrode (102) arranged on one side of the electrolyte layer (101), and an air electrode (103) arranged on the other side of the electrolyte layer (101) and composed of an active layer (131) and a collector layer (132). 
The active layer (131) is composed of a sintered body of a powder mixture obtained by mixing a powder of a perovskite oxide such as LaNi<SUB>0.6</SUB>Fe<SUB>0.4</SUB>O (LNF) having an average particle diameter of 0.5 µm and a powder of another perovskite oxide such as LNF having an average particle diameter of 1.3 µm, while the collector layer (132) is composed of a sintered body of a powder of a perovskite oxide such as LNF having an average particle diameter of 1.3 µm 
A transmission ratio variable device in which gear skip between a flexible spline and a circular spline caused by steering operation during locking operation can be controlled effectively. 
The transmission ratio variable device (1) comprises a harmonic drive gearing (10) for transmitting the rotation of an input shaft (3) based on steering operation, plus the rotation based on driving of a motor, to an output shaft (4), a housing (6) secured to a nonrotational part while containing the harmonic drive gearing (10) and the motor (2), and a lock (21) for locking the housing (6) and a motor shaft (15) not to rotate relatively. 
Out of the circular splines (11, 12) constituting the harmonic drive gearing (10), the circular spline (12) coupled with the output shaft (4) has a number of gear teeth set larger than that of the circular spline (11) coupled with the input shaft (3) 
This invention provides a resin composition for an optical material that can produce an optical correction film which, when used, for example, in liquid crystal display devices, does not cause a significant birefringent index distribution caused by the deviation of external force, is excellent in uniformity in contrast, can widen the view angle, and can enhance the contrast. 
The resin composition comprises a copolymer (1) of a monomer (a) having a positive photoelastic coefficient and a negative intrinsic birefringent index with a monomer (b) having a negative photoelastic coefficient and a negative intrinsic birefringent index. 
There is also provided a resin composition for an optical material, comprising a thermoplastic resin (A) having a negative photoelastic coefficient and a low-molecular compound (B) which tends to increase the photoelastic coefficient to a higher value than that of the thermoplastic resin (A) 
A connection adaptor comprising a hollow supply needle connected to the junction of a liquid supply tube, a hollow discharge needle connected to the junction of a liquid drug injection tube, a holder fixing the supply needle and the discharge needle, and a protecting cap which is detachably attached to the holder and in which the supply needle and the discharge needle are hermetically enclosed together with the holder. 
By using this connection adaptor, a liquid is supplied from the liquid supply tube and air is discharged from the liquid supply tube and the liquid drug injection tube. 
Next, the protecting cap is taken off and the connection adaptor is punctured into a liquid drug container having an opening hermetically sealed with a flexible member and an extrusion liquid is supplied from the supply needle into the liquid drug container. 
Thus, the liquid drug is injected into a subject person via the discharge needle and the liquid drug supply tube 
A draft duct in an air conditioning unit is divided into three sections from the upper stream of a heater core. 
Each section has air mix doors (9a, 9b, 9c) for supplying air to a warm air passageway and a cool air passageway at a desired rate. 
The air mix doors (9a, 9b) are driven by first sliders (34a, 34b) having drive gears (21a, 21b) engaging with racks (20a, 20b) of the air mix doors (9a, 9b) and support shafts (22a, 22b) supporting the drive gears (21a, 21b). 
The air mix door (9c) is driven by a second slider (35c) having a drive gear (21c) engaging with a rack (20c) of the air mix door (9c) and supported by a support shaft (22c) and a second auxiliary gear (24a) engaging with a first auxiliary gear (24b) supported by the support shaft (22c) and supported by an auxiliary support shaft (25) 
Disclosed is a liquid resin composition for electronic components which has good migration resistance, while being excellent in moldability and reliability. 
Also disclosed is an electronic component device which is sealed with such a liquid resin composition. 
Specifically disclosed is a liquid resin composition for electronic components, which contains an epoxy resin (A), a cyclic acid anhydride (B) which is in a liquid state at room temperature and has an acid anhydride equivalent weight of not less than 200, and a coupling agent (C) 
Disclosed is a contrast medium comprising a fullerene derivative. 
The fullerene derivative has a water-soluble polymer and a chelating molecule having a metal ion coordinated therein or a molecule bound to a magnetic material both attached to a fullerene optionally via a linker molecule, wherein the fullerene may have a functional group in the molecule. 
The contrast medium is suitable as a contrast medium for MRI and has such excellent properties that it can be accumulated for a long period in a cancer-specific manner, shows a prolonged determination time in a living body, and has a low immunogenicity 
[PROBLEMS] To prevent blood leakage from an absorbent article in a diagonally backward direction by removing wrinkles and twists formed in the part thereof being in contact with the rear of the bleeding port to the base of the hip to thereby avoid the formation of gap between the article and the body. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] An absorbent article which comprises a liquid-permeable surface sheet (3), a back face sheet (2) and an absorbent (4) located between them, and has a pair of right and left lengthwise embossed channels (7, 7) formed almost in the longitudinal direction in the liquid-permeable surface sheet (3) side, wherein the lengthwise embossed channels (7, 7) are in a tapered shape with the distance between them narrowing from the back side toward the front side of the absorbent article. 
In a preferable case, the lengthwise embossed channels (7, 7) are united together at the front edge side of the absorbent article, a widthwise embossed channel (8) in a convex shape toward the front edge is formed in the front side of the absorbent article, the lengthwise embossed channels (7, 7) are united together at the back edge side of the absorbent article too, and another widthwise embossed channel (9) in a convex shape toward the back edge of the absorbent article is formed in the back side of the absorbent article 
A stand (1) with a support (11), in particular for supporting a hairdressing appliance, and with a damping element (4) for damping the weight of the appliance, the appliance loading the damping element (4), the damping element (4) is resettable with regard to its length, and the support (11) can be shifted relative to a tube (2) and is fixable thereon in order to achieve a compact subassembly 
A composition for removing paraffin, wax, or asphaltine deposits from the surface of a crude oil transmission system, such as a downhole tubular, a pipeline, or a surface tank, includes an aqueous sodium hydroxide solution containing from 18% to 25% by weight sodium hydroxide. 
The composition further includes an acetic acid solution containing from 30% to 55% by weight acetic acid compared to the sodium hydroxide, and a liquid aromatic hydrocarbon having from 6 to 10 carbon atoms and from 15% to 40% by weight compared to the sodium hydroxide. 
According to the method of the invention, the aqueous sodium hydroxide solution may be metered in a downhole tubular or a pipeline separate from the acetic acid solution, such that heat generated by the mixed composition is generated within the downhole tubular or the pipeline 
Control device (1) comprising a manual control member (2) connected to control means (4, 5) that are intended to send control commands, and comprising first means (3) for indexing the position of said manual control member (2). 
The first indexing means (3) comprise at least one magnetized magnetic element (6) which has at least one of the magnetic poles (N, S) having a perimeter cut along a first notched profile, and includes a ferromagnetic indexing support (7) having at least a second notched profile. 
Said respective notched profiles of the magnetized magnetic element (6) and of the indexing support (7) are intended to be placed opposite each other so that a magnetic flux circulating between said magnetized magnetic element and said indexing support varies over the course of the movement of the manual control means (2) 
A method for reducing or eliminating the leaching of undesirable metals by forming an inert, at least partial film comprising titanium and oxygen on copper or copper-alloy surfaces. 
Particularly, the surfaces are those of plumbing components such as faucets, valve components and the like, and more particularly those surfaces that are in water contact during use. 
Surfaces coated in accordance with the present invention may be the inner surfaces of a hollow object. 
The object in question may be a single component, e.g. a plumbing component, or an assembly of several such components 
A ski binding for downhill skiing and cross-country skiing has a plate (5) which can be pivoted upwards in the front region about an axis (6.26) located transversely to the longitudinal direction of the ski. 
A front ski binding (2) and a rear heel holder (3) for a ski boot or cross-country ski boot are fastened on the plate. 
At least one catch element (9.28) which is arranged in front of, or in the region of, the rear sole holder (3) can be used to secure the plate, in its rear region, on the abutment fitted on the ski. 
In addition, at least one catch element is arranged in the front region of the plate. 
The plate is fixed on the ski, and reinforced, in the manner of a conventional downhill ski binding by the further catch element in the front region of the ski binding and, in the locked state, is anchored at the front end and at the rear end, and at a number of locations therebetween, on parts of the ski or parts which have been fixed to the ski 
The present invention relates to fire-resistant glazing. 
According to the invention, the transparent fire-resistant glazing includes at least one intumescent layer of a hydrated alkaline metal silicate between two glass sheets. 
The intumescent alkaline metal silicate layer has an SiO<SUB>2</SUB>/M<SUB>2</SUB>O molar ratio between 3.5 and 7 and a water content from 33 to 43% by weight. 
Their preparation incorporates a drying step 
Disclosed is a method, apparatus and computer program for controlling access to a publish/subscribe message broker. 
Publish/subscribe functions provided by the message broker are divided into function sets. 
Each function set is associated with a communication path. 
A request is received at the message broker. 
This arrives via one of a plurality of communication paths at the message broker and requests access to a publish or subscribe function provided by the message broker. 
It is determined which communication path is used and it is identified which function set the requested function is a part of. 
It is then determined whether the identified function set is associated with the communication path used and if the result is positive then access to the requested publish or subscribe function is provided 
The invention relates to devices which are used to analyse sample fluids containing suspended solid substances, e.g. pulp, said devices comprising a measuring device which is used to measure flow potential and a titration device which is used to guide a titration fluid from a container to a sample fluid. 
According to the invention, the titration device, together with the container which is arranged in such a manner that it can be exchanged thereon, and which is used for transporting the measuring device and the titration device, is configured such that it can be separated from the measuring device, in order to simplify frequent transportation 
A breastpump comprising a breastshield (3) having a portion (31) within which a woman's breast is received for the expression of milk, a source of pressure (10) in communication with said breastshield (3) and means for transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) (11) of the woman. 
The invention enables a stimulation of the mother's breast in order to activate the milk ejection reflex 
Apparatus (10) for removing solids such as sludge from a liquid reservoir comprising a float (11), a suction head assembly (31) carrying a pump (37), and elongated guides (56) interconnecting the suction head assembly (31) and float (110. 
The float (1) also carries a winch (32) for raising and lowering the suction head assembly (31). 
The guides (56) are slidably engaged with the float (11) and serve to indicate the depth of operation of the suction head assembly (31) 
A desalination pipeline system (10) including a first pipeline (12) extending from a salt water source (14) for transferring salt water therethrough. 
The system includes at least one salt water desalinator (18) in fluid connection with the first pipeline (12), enabling salt water to be drawn from the first pipeline (12) to the at least one desalinator (18). 
Each of the salt water desalinators (18) is provided to desalinate at least part of the water drawn from the first pipeline (12). 
Each desalinator (18) is in fluid connection with a second pipeline (24) extending between the salt water source (14) and the target outlet (16), such that the water that has been desalinated in a desalinator (18) is transferred to the second pipeline (24) 
A communications network architecture (200) enabling a first aircraft (102) to establish a communication path with a second aircraft (105) is disclosed. 
The architecture comprises a satellite network layer (111) enabling the first aircraft (102) to establish the communication path with the second aircraft (105) via a satellite, a terrestrial network layer (110) enabling the first aircraft (102) to establish the communication path with the second aircraft (105) via the satellite and an associated ground station, and an aircraft network layer (202) enabling the first aircraft (102) to establish the communication path with the second aircraft (105) via another aircraft 
A metal or mineral compound collector for use in a froth flotation process so as to recover one or more desired minerals or metals; the collector comprising a functional group attached to a carbon chain; the functional group being a nitrile and the said chain having (11) or more carbon atoms. 
In a further form there is provided a method of recovering a metal or mineral compound from an ore comprising the steps of : wet grinding the ore to a desired particle size; adding water chemicals such as frothers or slurry- modifiers to the ground ore so as to prepare a slurry; adding an effective proportion of a collector comprising a functional group which has a carbon chain with a nitrile attached, said chain having (11) or more carbon atoms; supplying a gas stream to the slurry so as to generate a froth; and recovering the desired metal, mineral and/or sulphide thereof in the froth 
A debris collecting apparatus is described comprising: a debris collection surface; a magnetic field generator that provides a magnetic field of controllable strength at the collection surface; a linkage; the linkage allows the apparatus to move the collection surface between a first position in which the apparatus can collect debris, and a second position in which the collection surface can be positioned above a waste repository to drop the collected debris into the waste repository 
A device for controlling a door, the device comprising: a body; an electromagnet arranged to generate a magnetic field for retaining the door; a coupling means that couples the electromagnet to the body, the coupling means being arranged to allow a movement of the electromagnet relative to the body; and a current supply means that is arranged to supply the electromagnet with a current, the current supply means being further arranged to detect the movement of the electromagnetic and to cease supplying the current at a predetermined instant after detecting the movement of the electromagnet 
A protective visor for use on a dog or other animal comprising a body (1) formed to the general shape of said animals head wherein said body includes an upper portion (2) adapted to fold around said animals snout so as to form a front opening (3) for said animals mouth and nostrils and a rear portion (4) adapted to fold over the rear of said animals head so as to form two ear openings (5) wherein said body includes a compliant internal pressure strap (6) adapted to hold said visor snugly in engagement with said animal's head when fitted thereto 
A mounting means for operatively mounting one or more glass shower door panels to one or more glass or other wall panels is described. 
The mounting means includes an elongate guide assembly adapted for receiving and retaining a carriage assembly for mounting a reciprocating glass shower door; and a mounting assembly including one or more end mounting devices for mounting one or more ends of the elongate guide assembly perpendicular to one or more glass panels or walls. 
Also described is a mounting means for the same application, wherein the mounting means includes an elongate guide assembly adapted for receiving and retaining a carriage assembly for mounting a reciprocating glass shower door; and one or more spaced guide mounting devices for connecting the guide assembly to an adjacent parallel glass wall panel and spacing the guide assembly a selected distance from and parallel to the adjacent parallel glass wall panel to provide access between the parallel glass wall panel and guide assembly for cleaning. 
A combination of the two abovementioned aspects is also described 
An all terrain sports conveyance able to traverse a wide variety of terrains, including, but not limited to, dirt, grass, sand, and water, where control and agility on all terrains is similar. 
The conveyance is particularly suited to use with traction such as that provided by a kite or vehicle. 
When ridden on land, a central wheel provides a pivot upon which the rider and conveyance can rotate and tilt, providing a high degree of agility and maneuverability. 
The conveyance may incorporate the use of the base, edges, or additional wheels as control surfaces for steering, braking and directional stabillity. 
Embodiments of the invention specification can be optimised for amphibious use, for planing over water in the manner of a kiteboard or surfboard, for traversing sand in the manner of a sandboard, or for directional stability at high speed on land in the manner of an in-line roller skate 
An implantable medical device is configured so that all of the major components including a housing and attached leads are disposed within the vasculature of a patient. 
A tether extends from the housing of the device to an implant location where the tether is secured to tissue outside of the vasculature. 
In this manner, an intravascular medical device may be implanted at a location remote from final placement, delivered via the vasculature and anchored at the initial entry point 
A polymeric fibrous nonwoven liner for gypsum board having an improved balance of strength and wet bond strength, wherein the liner is thermally bonded and includes a mixture of lower-melting binder fibers and higher-melting fibers and the liner contacting the gypsum composition is mechanically worked to open up the pore structure and increase the bulk of a layer of the fibers on the mechanically worked surface to increase the penetration of the gypsum composition, thus increasing the wet adhesion between the gypsum composition and the liner 
A method of treating a disease associated with a cell population which proliferates abnormally in a subject is disclosed. 
The method comprises administering to the subject a therapeutically effective amount of at least one modulator capable of modulating in the cell population a level and/or activity of a polypeptide having an amino acid sequence at least 60 percent similar to SEQ ID NO: 5, as determined using the Standard protein-protein BLAST [blastp] software of the NCBI 
A method for forming a gallium nitride crystal sheet. According to the method a metal melt, including gallium, is brought to a vacuum of 0.01 Pa or lower and is heated to a growth temperature of between approximately 860<SUP>o</SUP>C and approximately 870<SUP>o</SUP>C. A nitrogen plasma is applied to the surface of the melt at a sub-atmospheric working pressure, until a gallium nitride crystal sheet is formed on top. 
Preferably, the growth temperature is of 863<SUP>o</SUP>C, and the working pressure is within the range of 0.05 Pa and 2.5 Pa. 
According to a preferred embodiment, application of the plasma includes introducing nitrogen gas to the metal melt at the working pressure, igniting the gas into plasma, directing the plasma to the surface of the metal melt, until gallium nitride crystals crystallize thereon, and maintaining the working pressure and the directed plasma until a gallium nitride crystal sheet is formed 
An apparatus and system permitting simulated firing from any firearm including a bolt and/or rotating bolt as well as rifles, machine guns, sniper rifles and the like. 
In particular, the present invention relates to light emitting munitions, being used as part of a system for registering "hits" during dry-fire exercises and gaming with any hand-held firearm, without any change to either the feel, or the external dimensions of the firearms 
The invention relates to uses of nitric oxide gas to inactivate any whole, part or subunit of a microbe, such as a virus. 
Such an inactivated or attenuated virus after treatment with NO gas may be used in formulations for a vaccine. 
Nitric oxide may be administered directly to create a vaccine through in vitro and/or in situ or by direct administration in vivo. 
Also provided are methods for treating patients with viral infections through the inhalation of nitric oxide gas 
An osmotic bi-layer tablet for the controlled release of a low-solubility drug comprises an inner core containing a drug-containing layer and a water-swellable layer, and a water-permeable outer coating including at least one delivery port, wherein the drug- containing layer comprises a drug substance, polyethylene oxide polymer having an average molecular weight from about 200,000 to 600,000Da, and an osmogen, and the water-swellable layer comprises polyethylene oxide polymer having a weight average molecular weight of from about 4,000,000 to about 7,000,000Da and a sweller layer strengthening agent 
Railway vehicle for working or service with variable composition, for performing repair, replacement, maintenance, check, transport and other kind of works on to railway lines, and/ or tramway lines, and/ or metropolitan lines, by utilizing working instruments and appliances of per se known kind. 
Vehicle comprising a special frame (11) for a system to support and fix the working instruments and appliances for railway uses, and a system for the guide and advancement on to the road (17), adapted to permit limited displacements at reduced speed of the vehicle on to the road, for approaching or moving away from the rails, and a road transport system (19) adapted to allow the vehicle to be displaced on to the road towed by normal road motor vehicles, without particular limitations, toward the respective working yards. 
The railway vehicle is made like a separate autonomous module, in a manner to attain variable compositions with different combinations and numbers of modules which are employed, depending on the works requested from time to time 
A method, apparatus, system, and software product are presented for storing and retrieving information about phone calls. 
At least part of a call is recorded, and that recording is stored. 
A link is established from a user calendar to the stored recording, the calendar also being used for other chronological information such as events, appointments, and the like. The stored recording is then accessible by activating the link in the calendar 
Disclosed are methods for diagnosing chemotherapeutic drug resistance in a cancer cell sample by detecting an increase in the levels of expression of marker genes in the cancer cell sample as comp Ësd to the levels of expression of the same marker genes in a chemotherapeutic drug-sensitive cancer cell of the same tissue type. 
Also disclosed is a focused microarray device for diagnosis of chemotherapeutic drag resistance in cancer cells 
A method including establishing a first packet flow over a network between a first mobile device and a second mobile device said first mobile device coupled to a node having a first packet filter including an identifier and specifying a second mobile device as a first end point, interposing a remote data connection end point between said first and second mobile device, adding a second packet filter at said node including said identifier and specifying said remote data connection end point as a second end point, establishing a second packet flow between said first and second mobile devices via said remote data connection end 'point, and removing said first packet filter 
A method for producing an electric circuit on a flexible substrate, comprises the sequence of steps: a. providing a flexible substrate; b. applying a layer of resistive material on said flexible substrate; c. applying a conductive layer at least partially on said layer of resistive material 
The invention relates to a method for avoiding ribbon windings in the production of winding-on bobbins which are wound as a 'randomly wound package' type on the workstations of textile machines which manufacture crosswound bobbins, by changing the crosswinding, with which the thread is wound onto the winding-on bobbin, wherein the workstations have in each case a single-motor drive which can be actuated in a defined manner for rotating the crosswound bobbin and a single-motor drive which can be actuated in a defined manner for an oscillating thread guide. 
According to the invention, there is provision for the diameters (D<SUB>SP</SUB 
Front -loading or top- loading horizontal -axis clothes washing machine comprising a perforated rotating drum (1) , a stationary tub (2) containing said drum, a filling conduit (9) having the inflow end thereof connected to an external water- inlet control device and the outflow port (15) thereof connected to the inner volume of the tub, and including a silver cell (6) , said washing machine being adapted to perform a prearranged sequence of phases comprising at least a rinsing phase that comprises drain and spin-extraction sub-phases. 
The machine also comprises a re-circulation manifold (10) connected on one side to a drain manifold "(4) and, on the other side, to a spray nozzle (13) that injects the liquor into said drum, appropriate pumping means (14) being associated to said re-circulation manifold so as to be able to pump the liquor from said drain manifold to said nozzle. 
During at least a spin-extraction phase said silver cell is activated to produce a flow of water enriched with silver ions, which is let into said tub via said filling conduit. 
Even said pumping means associated to said re-circulation manifold are operated during at least a portion of the period in which said silver cell is activated 
An internet system for assisting consumers to select commercial products such as goods or services available from service providers. 
A web server collects and stores recommendations from previous consumers in relation to work done by their respective service providers. 
An operator verifies one or more aspects of each recommendation collected from the previous consumers, before the recommendations are made available to prospective consumers. 
Typically a verification of the relationship between the previous consumer and the service provider is made by way of reviewing an invoice or other document or code issued by the service provider. 
Approved recommendation data is searchable online by the prospective consumers 
A building part of the walls or ceilings or floor of which has panels made of a thermally conducting material, the panels having pipes located therein, the pipes can selectively be connected to a source of high or low temperature fluid whereby the panels adopt a temperature different to ambient temperature whereby the panels cause heating or cooling of the area of the building in which they are located 
Hydroponic support media (104) comprise plastics (eg polycarbonate) pellets (106) of specific gravity greater than water (e.g. 1.1 or 1.2), cylindrical (1-10 mm in length and 0.5-5.0 mm in diameter) and loosely arranged to define a network of fluid-permeable pore spaces between pellets (106). 
Biologically inactive, synthetic plastics, natural rubber latex, shellac, etc may be used for pellets (106). 
Preferably such materials should be sterilisable, etc to allow reuse and should not adhere to the roots of plants so that the roots will readily release for examination. 
Such media can be used to fill pots (100) with permeable bottoms (110) in hydroponic systems including flooding trays, reservoirs, pumps, timers etc 
Teeth cleaning apparatus comprises a cylindrical cleaning implement. 
The cleaning implement includes a resilient support shaft and an engagement thread and is drivingly rotatable. 
The implement is so configured that, when presented between a pair of adjacent teeth, a rotating implement threads itself into the interproximal space and extracts interproximal debris 
A shoe (1), having a toe section (2), and a heel section (3). 
The heel section (3), either totally or partly detachable from the toe section (2). 
Once at least partly detached, the shoe may be easily slipped onto the foot of a wearer, without the wearer having to bend or apply pressure to their foot to install or remove the shoe. 
In the embodiments in which the shoe is partly detached, the heel section (3) may be rotated relative to the toe section (2), either sideways or downwards. 
The detachable fastening means (4) may incorporate zippers, Velcro or other fastening means 
A joint (100) arranged to interconnect two elements to allow relative movement of those elements, the joint comprising a first member (102) operative to be connected to one of the elements and a second member (104) operative to be connected to the other element, the second member being coupled to the first member so as to be movable relative to the first member about a first axis, wherein the second member includes first and second parts that are movable relative to each other about a second axis that intersects the first axis so as to allow the joint to rotate through two rotational ( O1 & O2) degrees of freedom around a common point. 
A manipulator (10) is configured with three or more substantially concentric, elongate members (12, 14) configured such that relative rotation and translation of the elongate members (12, 14) adjusts both the spatial position and orientation of the distal en of the manipulator (10) and the spatial positioning of the manipulator (10) along its length. 
In one arrangement, the elongate members (12, 14) are pre-curved such that the distal end portions of the elongate members (12, 14) are combined in a substantially concentric manner, the overall shape of the manipulator (10) is composite of the individual elongate member shapes. 
Varying the relative translation and rotational orientation of the component elongate members (12, 14) achieves a family of resulting manipulator (10) shapes as well as a desired spatial position and orientation of the distal end portion (22) of the manipulator (10) 
The distribution of cell karyotypes within a population of cells can determine the phenotype and ability of stem cells to differentiate into desired cell types, to function normally, as well as represent risk for adverse events like cancer. 
Therefore, determination of the aneuploid mosaic status of a cell population is useful in identifying and/or maintaining desirable traits and eliminating undesirable traits in stem cells, and for defining them at the level of their chromosomal complement 
Described herein are compounds and pharmaceutical compositions containing such compounds, which modulate the activity of 5-lipoxygenase-activating protein (FLAP). 
Also described herein are methods of using such FLAP modulators, alone and in combination with other compounds, for treating respiratory, cardiovascular, and other leukotriene-dependent or leukotriene mediated conditions or diseases 
A connector for coaxial cable is disclosed herein that has an outer body, the outer body has at least one thread on a rearward portion thereof, and tubular post having at least one projection thereon. 
The outer body and the tubular post are movable relative to one another to compress a portion of the coaxial cable in the connector and to draw the braided shield of the coaxial cable into the connector. 
The present coaxial connector accommodates coaxial cables with larger amounts of braided shielding. 
A related method for connecting the coaxial cable and connector is also disclosed 
Various embodiments are described to address the problem of duplicated authentication processing in authorizing servers. 
Generally expressed, an authorizing server (220), such as an AAA server, sends (305) authorization material to a first access service node (210), such as a foreign agent or SIP agent. 
The authorization material is for a second access service node (230) and corresponds to a mobile node (201). 
The first access service node then forwards (307) the authorization material to the second access service node. 
By distributing the authorization material in this way, the second access service node need not communicate with the authorizing server to obtain the authorization material and neither does the authorizing server need to send messaging to both access service nodes. 
Thus, benefits such as reduced authorizing server load and reduced registration delays may be realized depending on the embodiment employed 
An endpoint uses Interactive Connectivity Establishment (ICE) to enable multimedia communications to traverse Network Address Translators (NATs). 
A security policy enables security devices and asymmetric security devices to forward ICE messages. 
A management device stores information about an initial message. 
Later, a security device receives an ICE message and sends and authorization request to the management device. 
The management device compares information in the authorization request to information in memory. 
According to the comparison, the management device authorizes the security device to forward the ICE message 
A transparent electric sign with chip LEDs is disclosed. 
The transparent electric sign comprising a first transparent board; a second transparent board being spaced apart from the first transparent board at a predetermined distance and facing the first transparent board; a transparent electrode for forming a plurality of first electrode regions and a plurality of second electrode regions which are arrayed in a matrix form, respectively, wherein at least one of the plurality of first electrode regions is adjacent to four second electrode regions; a plurality of chip LEDs adhered to the transparent electrode, wherein the chip LED has a pair of anode electrodes connected to the pair of first electrode regions being adjacent to each other and a pair of cathode electrodes connected to the pair of second electrode regions being adjacent to the pair of first electrode regions to which the anode electrode regions are connected, respectively such that the plurality of first electrode regions form a plurality of first signal lines formed in a first direction and the plurality of second electrode regions form a plurality of second signal lines formed in a second direction crossing the first direction; and a controller selectively supplying control signals to the plurality of first signal lines and the plurality of second signal lines to selectively turn on/ off the plurality of chip LEDs. 
Therefore, the transparent electric sign is operable under low power consumption and has a long life span. 
The transparent electric sign can be manufactured to be transparent and thin 
A transparent electrically-illuminated sign is disclosed. 
The transparent electrically-illuminated sign includes a first transparent board, a second transparent which is installed apart from the first transparent board at a certain distance, facing the first transparent board, a plurality of LEDs, a transparent electrode, a filling material which is transparent and filled between the transparent electrode and the second transparent board, and a controller. 
The transparent electrode is formed on one of both faces of the first transparent board as the transparent electrode is coated thereon, in which the face coated by the first transparent electrode faces the second transparent board. 
The transparent electrode forms at least more than one close circuit plate which is divided into a cathode plate and a plurality of anode plates. 
The cathode plate is connected by each cathode lead of the plurality of LEDs, which are separated from each other by a certain distance. 
The cathode plate forms a cathode power supply terminal at a certain position thereof to input power from the outside. 
The anode plates are correspondingly connected by the anode leads of the LEDs, respectively. 
Each of the anode plates forms an anode power supply terminal at a predetermined position thereof to input power from the outside. 
The controller is connected to the anode power supply terminals, such that it can control power supplied to the cathode and anode plates to turn on and off the LEDs. 
Therefore, the transparent electrically-illuminated sign configured to be thin and transparent can display moving images, as each LED is turned on and off, consuming low power. 
The present invention relates to a transparent light emitting apparatus and a manufacturing method thereof. 
The manufacturing method of a transparent light emitting apparatus having at least one or more light emitting diodes each of which has at least two or more electrodes, comprising: coating a transparent electrode on one side of a first transparent board; forming electrode dividing portions which divide the transparent electrode into a plurality of electrode regions which are electrically isolated from each other by removing a predetermined region from the transparent electrode to form a circuit pattern on the transparent electrode coated on the first transparent board; coating an electro-conductive adhesive to a predetermined position of the plurality of electrode regions, to which at least two or more electrodes of the LED are adhered, respectively; coating a non-electro-conductive adhesive to the electrode dividing portions to fix the LEDs, which form boundaries among the plurality of electrode regions to which at least two or more electrodes of the LED are adhered; adhering at least two or more electrodes of the LED to the plurality of electrode regions by using the electro-conductive adhesive in a state where the LEDs are adhered to the non-electro-conductive adhesive; forming a power supply line supplying external power to the LEDs through the plurality of electrode regions; and adhering a second transparent board to the first transparent board, wherein the second transparent board is spaced apart from the first transparent board at a predetermined distance and faces the first transparent board. 
The transparent light emitting apparatus is operable under low power consumption, has a long life span, and has various visual aesthetic effects including an effect based on a transparent property. 
Also, the transparent light emitting apparatus can prevent the electrodes of LEDs from shorting by utilizing an electro-conductive adhesive, which adheres the LEDs to the first transparent board while and after it is manufactured 
A curable silicone composition comprising at least the following components: (A) a diorganopolysiloxane having in one molecule at least two alkenyl groups; (B) at least two resin-like organopolysiloxanes that have different mass-average molecular weights as reduced into standard polystyrene measured by gel permeation chromatography and that are composed of SiO<SUB>4/2 </SUB>units, R<SUP>1</SUP> <SUB>2</SUB> 
A helmet mounted display (30) includes a display source (31) arranged to be directly imaged by a primary relay optical arrangement (32) having relay optical elements (33A, 33B and 33C). 
Light exiting the primary relay optical (5) arrangement (32) indicated by ray traces (34A, 34B and 34C) continue towards a visor (35) which is arranged to reflect incident light to a exit pupil located in a convenient position for a viewer (36). 
The display source (31) includes a light source, beam splitter, reflective liquid (10) crystal display and a display source relay optical arrangement to provide an output image at an output diffuser screen. 
The image at the output screen is then directly imaged by the primary relay optical arrangement (32). 
Should the reflective liquid crystal display require modification or replacement (15) with a newer model, then the display source (31) can be redesigned to accommodate the new reflective liquid crystal display rather than re-engineering the primary relay optical arrangement (32) at greater expense 
The invention relates to a silane crosslinking adhesive, sealant or coating containing a polymer, consisting of an organic framework that supports at least two alkoxy or acyloxysilyl groups and at least one filler. 
The filler consists at least partially of a highly disperse silicic acid with a BET surface area of 35 to 65 m<SUP>2</SUP>/g and is present in the adhesive, sealant or coating in a quantity of 1 to 60 % by weight, in relation to the total weight of said adhesive, sealant or coating. 
The invention also relates to the use of the adhesive, sealant or coating for bonding plastics, metal, glass, ceramics, wood or wood-based material, paper, paper-based material, rubber and textiles 
The invention relates to a method for producing a one-part steel piston of an internal combustion engine of a passenger car, the steel piston been produced in a casting process by using a casting mould forming the outer contours of the steel piston and finished after the casting, wherein a lost core is used to create a cooling channel, it being provided according to the invention that the casting process is a precision-casting process and the casting mould and the lost core are designed in such a way that at least two or more openings are formed in the cooling channel once the casting mould and the lost core have been removed 
The invention relates to a rotor pump comprising a pump housing and a rotor which is rotatably mounted therein. 
A vane is displaceably mounted in the rotor with the base body thereof, lies on an inner peripheral surface with the tips thereof, and defines an inlet chamber and a pressure chamber. 
The vane has a constant length, the vane base body consists of a plastic material, and the vane tips provided on the free ends thereof facing the inner peripheral surface consist of a thermoplastic material. 
The vane base body and the vane tips are fixed to each other in a detachable and form-fitting manner following the production thereof 
For diesel internal combustion engines, an improved filter unit comprising a casing the interior of which is separated by a filtering baffle into two separate chambers to which a fuel inlet conduit and a fuel outlet conduit are connected respectively, with said unit there being associated a device for determining the degree of clogging of the filtering baffle; said device is located inside said casing and is positioned to be sensitive to the difference between the fuel pressure in said chambers 
A silver halide light sensitive photographic element comprising a support bearing at least one cyan image forming hydrophilic colloid layer comprising cyan image dye forming coupler of Formula (I) and a saturated alcoholic high boiling solvent or mixture of solvents of Formula (II): Formula (I); wherein R<SUB>1</SUB> is an alkyl group, R<SUB>2</SUB> is a ballast group, and X is hydrogen or a coupling-off group; Formula (II); wherein R<SUB>3</SUB> represents an alkyl group, and R<SUB>4</SUB> and R<SUB>5</SUB> individually represent hydrogen or an alkyl group, or R<SUB>3</SUB> and R<SUB>4</SUB> may be joined to form a cycloalkyl group, provided that the total number of carbon atoms contained in R<SUB>3</SUB>, R<SUB>4</SUB>, and R<SUB>5</SUB> is at least 10 and that the alcoholic solvent or mixture of solvents of Formula (II) is liquid at 37°C 
A method of creating a support structure which incorporates a supporting platform and at least one integral support leg using a blow moulding technique, including the steps of: defining the optimum thickness of material required for the support leg(s) for strength purposes; defining the optimum height for the support legs; determining the volume of the parison, to be introduced across the leg part of the mould, and designing the mould leg interior to ensure that for the given parison volume the thickness of material subsequently blow moulded around the surface area of the support leg is sufficient to provide the required strength 
A turbine (2) driven electric power production system (1), - said turbine (2) arranged for being driven by a fluid (3) having a fluid speed (v) varying in time, - said turbine (2) connected to a hydrostatic displacement pump (6) further connected to a hydrostatic displacement motor (8) as part of a closed loop hydrostatic transmission system (7), - said motor (8) arranged for driving an electrical generator (9) supplying AC power (10) at a frequency (f<SUB>g</SUB>) near a given desired frequency (f<SUB>des</SUB>), characterized by a closed loop system arranged for controlling a volumetric displacement (13) of the hydrostatic motor (8), comprising - a fluid speed meter (11m) arranged for producing a speed signal (11s) representing a speed (v) of said fluid (3), and - a rotational speed meter (12m) arranged for providing a rotational speed signal (12s) representing a rotational speed measurement (?) of said turbine (2), - a motor displacement control system (15) for continuously receiving said speed signal (11s) and said rotational speed signal (12s) and arranged for calculating a control signal (16), - a volumetric displacement control actuator (17) on said hydrostatic motor, arranged for receiving said control signal (16) for continuously adjusting a volumetric displacement (d) of said hydrostatic motor (8) for maintaining a set turbine tip speed ratio (tsr<SUB>set</SUB>) and thereby providing an improved power efficiency of the power production system (1) during fluctuations in said fluid speed (v) 
A tie rod (1) for joining opposite side sections (23a, 23b) of a casting formwork (21) , the tie rod (1) being provided with a mid portion (3) and two rod end portions (5a, 5b) and there being formed, in the transitions between the mid portion (3) and either rod end portion (5a, 5b) at least one abutment surface (7) which is arranged to rest supportingly on an internal side surface (23c) of the side sections (23a, 23b) , and the rod end portions (5a, 5b) including rests (9) for wedge devices (11) for securing the side sections (23a, 23b) of the casting formwork (21) , and the tie rod (1) including a stem (2) of great tensile strength and a surrounding mantle (2a), the mid portion (3) and the mantle (2a) of the stem (2) being formed as a continuous structure, the stem (2), the mantle (2a) and mid portion (3) being formed of non- corrosive materials 
The invention relates to transparent polymer material containing a dye which absorbs light above 400 nm. 
It furthermore relates to methods for producing the polymer material and a lens comprising the polymer material. 
In particular, the invention relates to an intraocular lens (IOL) suitable for implantation in mammals, which IOL has visible light transmission properties comparable to those of the human crystalline lens. 
Provided is a transparent polymer material containing at least one covalently attached dye, said dye having the general formula (I). 
The invention relates to a method of producing a beer-type alcoholic drink which is based on plants belonging to genus Agave L. (commonly known as Agaves) and which is called "Cerveza de Agave" or Agave beer. 
In addition to water, hops and yeast, the inventive drink also uses sugars that are obtained for the most part from Agave plants, said sugars replacing the sugars originating from the malting of cereals or brewing adjuncts. 
The main characteristics of the resulting alcoholic drink comprise: a degree of alcohol of up to 8 % alcohol by volume; an amertume of between 5 and 70 International Bittering Units (IBU); transparency, with a colour varying between clear yellow and dark amber; foam and bubbles; and a slightly sweet taste generated by the residual fermentable sugars and an aroma including a noticeable aroma of hops and Agave must. 
The production of the aforementioned product is based on the known production process which is used to produce traditional malt beer, but determined alterations are applied, taking account of the differences in the fermentable raw material, in order to obtain a product for industrial use 
The invention relates to the pharmaceutical industry in general and to the pharmaceutical industry involved in the preparation of medicaments for the treatment of chronic and acute pain conditions. 
The inventive composition is characterised in that it combines an analgesic and an anticonvulsant agent, in which the analgesic is known as tramadol and the anticonvulsant agent is known as gabapentin. According to the invention, the composition contains between 3 and 8.3 % tramadol in relation to the total weight of the formulation and between 16 and 83 % gabapentin in relation to the total weight of the formulation 
The invention relates to improvements to a solar heater for heating water, consisting of: a case (1) which is made from wood, metal or plastic, which is lined with insulating material and the lower part of which is painted black; a tyre (2) which is mounted to a metal hoop or rim (3) and which is equipped with opposing holes (9 and 10) for water inlet and outlet tubes (5 and 6); a cover (4) which is formed by two parallel glass plates forming an air chamber; and a rim which keeps the water inside the tyre 
The invention relates to a method for the accelerated natural ageing of wines and spirits, consisting in combining toasted oak chips under ambient conditions, except that the temperature must be higher than 5° C, and agitating same continuously with an agitator comprising sharp blades in order to cut the chips and convert same into powder, starting at 1,000 r.p.m. and finishing at 3,000 r.p.m. for a maximum of 9 minutes, followed by a maceration step lasting between 30 minutes and 3 hours. 
Next a decantation step is performed and, if necessary, a pre-filtration step followed by a filtration step. 
The colour is then adjusted with caramel 
In a mobile communication system in which each cell supports at least one carrier frequency, it is possible to provide a technique for reducing a measurement load of a mobile station and effectively performing a peripheral cell measurement and a handover process. 
The mobile station measures a first carrier supported by a first peripheral cell according to the carrier information received from the basic station of the local cell. 
If the propagation state of the first carrier satisfies a predetermined condition, the second carrier and after supported by the first peripheral cell are measured. 
If the propagation state of the first carrier does not satisfy the predetermined condition, the carrier measurement of the first peripheral cell is terminated and a carrier measurement of the second peripheral cell is started 
A backrest device for a chair, in which a backboard is easily flexible without a reduction in its strength, thus making the chair comfortable to sit on. 
The lower ends of both right and left sides of the back frame (20) are supported at both sides at the back of a leg body, and the flexible back board (21) is formed on the inside of rear frames (20). 
A large number of openings (27) are formed in the backboard (21) so as to be close to each other in the top-bottom and left-right directions. 
Between openings (27) adjacent to each other in the left-right direction, there is formed a connection section (21a) continuing in the top-bottom direction, and the dimension in the front-back direction of the connection section (21a) is made larger than the dimension in the left-right direction of the connection section (21a) 
A stent has first portions arranged in its longitudinal direction and second portions each placed between adjacent first portions. 
Each of the first portions can extend and contract in a radial direction, and each of the second portions allows the entire stent to bend along the longitudinal direction. 
When the first portions are extended in the radial direction, the length in the longitudinal direction of the first portions decreases but the interval between adjacent first portions increases 
A novel fixture for intravitreous injection is provided. 
Namely, a fixture for intravitreous injection comprising: an injection needle fixture plate (4) which has an injection needle insertion hole (6); and an eyeball fixture for fixing the position of the injection needle insertion hole (6) on the eyeball which has a ring (3) having a nonsmooth face to be in contact with the eyeball. 
Use of this fixture for intravitreous injection makes it possible to avoid the risk accompanying the existing intravitreous injection and the technique therefor is very simple. 
That is to say, the above-described fixture for intravitreous injection enables highly safe and easy intravitreous injection 
A detector for detecting the state of a person with high precision without imposing a load. 
The detector comprises a first stimulus imparting means (10) for imparting a stimulus to a subject in order to acquire reference information, a second stimulus imparting means (10) for imparting a stimulus to the subject in order to acquire state information, a means (20) for detecting reaction by the subject to the stimuli imparted by the first and second stimulus imparting means (10) based on the ecological index of the subject, and a means (41) for judging the state of the subject based on comparison between the reaction by the subject to the stimulus imparted by the first stimulus imparting means (10) and the reaction by the subject to the stimulus imparted by the second stimulus imparting means (10) 
Disclosed herein are the improved processes for the preparation of different forms of (S)-(+)-Clopidogrel besylate, pharmaceutical compositions containing them and their use in medicine 
The present invention relates to the use of a combination of cannabinoids in the treatment of neuropathic pain, in particular peripheral neuropathic pain. 
A combination of cannabidiol (CBD) and delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) may be used, wherein the ratio of CBD:THC by weight is between 10:1 and 1:10 
The invention provides a method of preparing a library of template polynucleotides which have common sequences at their 5' ends and at their 3' ends, and also the use of the library of templates in methods of solid-phase nucleic acid amplification 
A heating system comprising a fuel burner in co-operation with a primary heat exchanger, a reservoir for storing warmed water in, and a blending valve, and a controller wherein in use a user can signal to the controller to warm the water in the water store using a heater or by the primary heat exchanger, and when hot water is required water is removed from the water store and mixed with water from a cold main prior to being or after the water from the cold main has been admitted to a further heat exchanger for heating the water 
The electric motor has a rotor (1), at least two magnet segments (2, 2'), a magnetic return path ring (3) and a housing (4) consisting of aluminum. 
The housing (4) has at least one helical projection (4') on its outer side parallel to the longitudinal axis of the electric motor. 
An outer cover (5) in the form of a cup is arranged around the housing (4), the at least one helical projection (4') bearing against the inner side of said outer cover, wherein the outer cover (5) in the form of a cup has a coolant inlet (6) and a coolant outlet (7) 
The invention relates to an apparatus for keeping a vehicle (8) in its lane (10), comprising a reference model (13) which receives from a lane identification system (7) geometric data relating to the position of the vehicle (8) in the lane (10), as well as data relating to the lane profile, and uses this to calculate a set variable (d<SUB>Ref</SUB>) for control of the vehicle position. 
In order to allow the cutting of turns, the guidance response of the control system (11) is modified during turning, in such a manner that no steering forces, or only minor steering forces, are exerted on the steering (6) when there is a discrepancy between the movement path of the vehicle (8) and the set movement path in the direction of the inside of the turn 
The invention relates to a brake lining holder in a disc brake, especially for a commercial vehicle. 
A lining holding spring (2) is held against a lining carrier plate (1) pertaining to a brake lining and carrying a friction lining (14) in a form-fitting manner in order to provide a retaining means. 
The inventive brake lining holder is embodied in such a way that corresponding fixing elements are provided in the facing central regions of the lining carrier plate (1) and the lining holding spring (2) 
The invention relates to a device for detecting a fire in switchgear cabinets (100), comprising a suction pipe system (2) which communicates with the switchgear cabinet (100) to be monitored via at least one suction hole (2') and via which a representative air sample is withdrawn from the switchgear cabinet (100) to be monitored, and an early fire detection module (10) that is equipped with at least one detection unit (11) for detecting at least one fire parameter in the air sample sucked in via the suction pipe system (2) and a controller for outputting an early fire detection signal in response to a detection result output by means of the at least one detection unit (1). 
In order to offer optimum protection of the switchgear cabinet (100) to be monitored, regardless of the size of the switchgear cabinet (100) and the space available between the housing cover of the switchgear cabinet (100) and the ceiling of the room, the early fire detection module (10) is embodied as an insertable rack (100') which is to be inserted into the switchgear cabinet (100) to be monitored 
An apparatus and method for responding to unlicensed network failure. 
A failure in a connection to an unlicensed wireless local area network 114 controller can be detected 320. A wireless local area network access point 130 connection to the unlicensed wireless local area network controller can be released 340. An attempt can be made to access wireless wide area network 112 services 350 
A Multimedia Broadcast/Multicast Service (MBMS) application server (122) in a packet data communication system (100) produces multiple access control parameters that at least partially identify a storage location of MBMS data and that define when a user equipment may access the stored MBMS data. 
The multiple access control parameters are then distributed to user equipment (UE) (102) subscribed to the MBMS service. 
When a subscribed UE fails to receive, or erroneously receives, MBMS data associated with the MBMS service, the subscribed UE uses the distributed access control parameters to determine when and where to access the stored MBMS data 
In the case of regeneration control in a manual regeneration mode, second exhaust gas temperature rise control performing post injection in addition to multi-injection is stopped when an intake temperature (Ta) becomes higher than a predetermined third judgment temperature (Tc3) and when the first exhaust gas temperature (Tg1) of exhaust gas flowing into an oxidation catalyst device (12a) is higher than a predetermined judgment temperature (Tc1) and the temperature (Tg2) of exhaust gas flowing into a DPF device (12b) is higher than a predetermined judgment temperature (Tc2), and switching is made to third exhaust gas temperature rise control performing post injection in addition to normal injection. 
In the case of regeneration control in a manual regeneration mode of the continuous regeneration DPF device (12) of an engine (10), overheat of the engine (10) can be prevented by suppressing temperature rise of engine cooling water without stopping an air conditioner 
Disclosed is a system for controlling a device comprising at least one earpiece for selecting/rendering media content, wherein a first earpiece includes a first input controller for receiving input to control the selecting/rendering, a first position controller for detecting whether the first earpiece is in/on the ear and receiving input to control the selecting/rendering of the media content, wherein the system is arranged to use a position detection from the first position controller or a combination of a position detection from the first position controller and an input from the first input controller to enable control of the media content selecting/rendering 
An esterified substituted benzene sulfonate, a method of making the same, a detergent composition comprising the same and a method of using the detergent composition 
The invention relates to a burning method carried out in furnace ptovided with energy recovering means and burners, wherein a part of burners are embodied in the form of aero-combustible burners and the other part thereof are embodied in the form of oxy-combustible burners which are placed under the air ducts of the aero-combustible burners and carry out a staged combustion method 
Disclosed is an alkaline cleansing preparation containing more than 5 percent by weight, preferably more than 15 percent by weight, preferably more than 30 percent by weight, most preferably more than 50 percent by weight of fatty acid alkali salts having a C chain length ranging from 10 to 20 carbon atoms, and one or several 1,2-alkane diols comprising 5, 6, or 7 carbon atoms. 
Said preparation has a pH value of more than 8 and is characterized in that the same contains less than 10, preferably less than 5, and most preferably less than 2.5 percent by weight of alkane diol 
The invention relates to an appliance, in particular a household-appliance (1, 40, 42), comprising a processing unit (10) adapted to control at least one operation mode of the appliance (1, 40, 42) and an operator device (13) connected to the processing unit and adapted to be operated by a user to select at least one operation mode of the appliance. 
According to the invention, the operator device (13) comprises a biometric detection device (20) transmitting a biometric signal to the processing unit and the procession unit (10) is adapted to select and/or to execute the at least one operation mode in dependency of the biometric signal 
What is described are pharmaceutical compositions, formulations, and uses thereof, for medicaments for intranasal delivery of insulin to a patient, comprising an aqueous mixture of human insulin, a solubilizing agent, and a surface active agent, wherein the human insulin may be rapid actin insulin 
A poly(arylene ether)/polystyrene blend may be prepared by melt kneading a carboxylic acid compound, a poly(arylene ether), and a polystyrene to form an intimate blend, and steam stripping the intimate blend, where melt kneading is conducted with a specific energy consumption of about 0.1 to about 0.3 kilowatt-hour per kilogram of blend. 
The method allows the formation of an intimate resin blend while minimizing the styrene monomer content of the final blend 
A real time, heart rate monitor and a hemodynamic monitoring system are operably integrated with the programmer system for an implantable hypertension treatment device. 
A series of tests are automatically performed to set programmable parameters for the implantable hypertension treatment device without clinician intervention. 
In one embodiment, a predetermined level of a dose-response evaluation is initiated for each test in the series. 
Preferably, the programmer system monitors the heart rate to determine whether a hemodynamic measurement should be initiated at all for a given test, as well as whether the hemodynamic measurement should be initiated earlier or later than a predetermined settling period for assessing the sympathetic nervous response to the test dose. 
In one embodiment, this determination is based on heart rate stability/instability. 
Alternatively, other indicators of sympathetic/ parasympathetic tone, such as heart rate variability, may be used to trigger/delay the timing of the hemodynamic measurement 
A thermally actuated shutdown seal (10) provides a shutdown seal usable in a pump (64) having a primary seal assembly (40) positioned circumferentially about a rotating shaft (62) for separating a region(66) of high pressure coolant fluid from the shaft. 
The shutdown seal includes a two-piece interlocked housing (42, 48) which encompasses carbon graphite ring segments (46) positioned circumferentially about the shaft, a garter spring (34) and a series of compression spring (32) . 
The replaceable insert (40) with machined recess contains the shutdown seal assembly and is biased axially with a wave spring (24) and held with the annular recess by a closure ring (49) . 
The seal is designed with coolant fluid flow directly in contact with such ring segments and specially designed paths around the ring segments during normal pump operation. 
The seal requires a thermally actuated means (16) for moving the two-piece interlocked housing axially into a blocking position within the coolant flow path (50) to shutdown and minimize fluid flow bypassing the ring segments and between the ring segments . 
This present invention relates to a heavenly which makes students understand easily the movements of the sun, earth and moon in class, and that substantially obviates several problems due to limitations and disadvantages of the related art. 
This present invention forms the celestial sphere equipping the sun, earth and moon inside the heavenly so that it can solve the problems and limitation of the conventional invention, also uses two motors that one of them is for revolution of the earth and the other one is for rotation of the earth and revolution of the moon so that it fit with the rate of the earth's rotation and revolution, and the rate of revolution which is closely to the natural phenomenon with the revolution of the earth and the moon, equipping two arms to the device of power transfer of the convection invention to simplify the connection of the gears so that any one can fix it easily 
A device is described for mixing two fluids, inserted in or combined with a reactor, which can also be used for catalytic partial oxidation, substantially consisting of the following zones : - a first feeding zone equipped with means for allowing a first fluid, possibly gaseous under the operating conditions, to enter in an axial direction; - an underlying distribution zone containing a bundle of pipes preferably parallel to the axis inside which said fluid is uniformly distributed; - a second feeding zone equipped with means for allowing a second fluid to enter the distribution zone containing the bundle of preferably parallel pipes and to be uniformly distributed outside said parallel pipes; - a mixing zone separated from the distribution zone by a pipe-plate supporting said parallel pipes, said pipe-plate having slits or openings in order to uniformly discharge the second fluid in an axial direction into the mixing area, and said parallel pipes extending beyond said pipe -plate into the mixing zone 
Amphoteric compounds are described, having a zwitterionic structure of the betainic type having general formula (I) and their use for the control of phytopathogen fungi and/or the mitigation of abiotic and biotic stress 
The apparatus for the generation of physiological therapeutic and chemotherapeutic aqueous rinsing solutions is characterised by a water section (1) for the generation of highly pure water as vehicle fluid, a mixing system (2) for mixing the highly pure water with a rinsing concentrate to give a rinsing solution and an application section (3) for dispensing the rinsing solution. 
The apparatus is of application in operative, stationary and ambulant conditions and also for homecare 
The present invention relates to constructs including one or more nucleic acids encoding two or more oleosin repeat units, and methods of use thereof. 
The present invention also relates to recombinant polypeptides including two or more oleosin repeat units, and methods of use thereof 
An apparatus for dispensing a flowable solid substance comprises a receptacle having a first end and a second end. 
A dispensing portion is located on the first end. 
A flowable solid substance is disposed within the receptacle. 
A section of the receptacle is disposed between the first end and the second end and includes a minor width dimension and a major width dimension. 
Further, the container has a Broen-Rung Principal Component Index of about zero 
A method and a system for producing images of a subject, such as the heart of a human being. 
The method may comprise acquiring ultrasound images of the subject with a catheter comprising a position sensor. 
The method may also comprise capturing a plurality of 4D surface registration points in the acquired ultrasound images corresponding to points on the subject. 
The method may also comprise registering, in space and time, a high resolution 4D model of the subject with the plurality of 4D surface registration points. 
The method may also comprise displaying high resolution, real-time images of the subject during a medical procedure based on the registration of the high resolution 4D model to the 4D surface registration points. 
Embodiments of the present invention are especially useful in left atrium ablation procedures 
A down hole tool including a compression surface, a compression surface axis, and at least one extendable support member configured to attach the compression surface to a well drilling tool assembly, wherein the extendable support member is extendable by an extension force provided to the support member. 
The down hole tool is rotable relative to an axis of the well drilling tool assembly, and as the well drilling tool assembly rotates, the at least one compression device exerts a lateral force along a sidewall of a wellbore. 
Also, a method of forming filter cake comprising releasing a drilling fluid and contacting the drilling fluid with a mechanical pressure on the sidewall of the wellbore and the drilling fluid 
The present invention provides rnultiple-luminophore silica nanoparticles for multiplexed signaling in bioanalysis. 
In specific embodiments, two inorganic luminophores, Tris(2,2'-bipyridyl)osmium(II) bis(hexafluorophosphate) (OsBpy) and Tris(2,2'-bipyridyl)dichlororuthenium(II) hexahydrate (RuBpy), or three organic luminophores 5-Fluorescein isothiocyanate (5-FITC), 5-carboxyrhodamine 6G, succinimidyl ester (5-CR6G, SE), 6-carboxy-X-rhodamine, succinimidyl ester (6- ROX, SE) can be simultaneously entrapped inside silica nanoparticles at controlled ratios, with desirable sizes and required surface functionality. 
Single-wavelength excitation with multiple emission endows the nanoparticles with optical encoding capability for rapid and high-throughput multiplexed detection 
A cylindrical cathode target assembly for use in sputtering target material onto a substrate comprises a generally cylindrical target, means for rotating the target about its axis during a sputtering operation, a magnetic array carried within the target for generation of a plasma-containing field including a plurality of electron drift paths adjacent an outer surface of the target, and a device for supporting the magnetic array independently of rotation of the target. 
In certain embodiments of the invention, the magnetic array may include a plurality of magnetic elements arranged to form a plurality of electron drift paths spaced along a substantial length of the target to promote generally uniform film deposition and uniform target utilization along its length 
A vaporizer for providing water vapor at a safer and reduced temperature comprises a water tank and steam generating unit. 
The steam generating unit is an assembly of a multi- walled chamber, top cover portion, and safety grill. 
The safety grill establishes a distance between a water vapor outlet situated on the top cover portion and the point where an individual may contact the water vapor. 
This distance allows the temperature of the water vapor to be reduced to a safer temperature. 
Additionally, the vaporizer includes a condensation recycling port that receives water vapor droplets that form about the steam generating unit and returns those droplets to a boiling chamber where the water droplets are recycled into water vapor. 
Finally, the top cover portion includes a water barrier to protect electrical components near the water vapor outlet 
A process for porting air inflated flexible resin impregnated cured in place liner by pulling without loss of pressure is provided. 
A selectively openable bulkhead fitting is installed at the pull-in end. The filling may be installed in the end of a pull- in liner; on a porting sleeve or secured to an inflated pulled in or inverted liner. 
A port is formed through the bulkhead fitting by cutting a hole through the valve assembly. A steam fitting with an exhaust hose is coupled to the bulkhead fitting while maintaining pressure in the inflation bladder. 
Steam for curing the resin is then introduced into the inversion apparatus to cure the resin and is exhausted through the exhaust hose 
The present application is directed to a direct torque flow connector for torque transmission. The DTF connector includes a direct torque flow constant velocity universal joint having an outer race part and an inner race part, and a shaft coupled to the outer race part. 
The direct torque flow connector has at least one direct torque flow optimized ratio. 
Further, the inner race part of the direct torque flow connector may be selectively connected to a journal shaft of a drive unit. 
A direct torque flow connection with optimized ratios in attachment methods is also provided. 
A method of determining whether a brine composition for freezing an item is in a desired balance. 
The method includes: adding an effective amount of dye into the brine composition, cooling the dye composition to a pre-determined temperature, and comparing the color of the brine composition to a pre-established correlation of color and brine composition at the pre-determined temperature, thereby determining whether the brine composition is in the desired balance 
A method and an apparatus to reproduce at least one piece of data. 
The apparatus includes a data reproducing unit to reproduce the at least one piece of video data, an additional data reproducing unit to reproduce one of a plurality of pieces of additional data, each being related to one of the at least one piece of video data, and a control unit to control the additional data reproducing unit to select and reproduce one of the pieces of additional data. 
Accordingly, setting a plurality of pieces of additional data to be simultaneously reproduced according to a preference of a user when reproducing a plurality of pieces of video data is possible, and switching from a piece of additional data to another piece of the additional data, which are linked to a particular piece of video data, is also possible 
It is intended to provide a compound useful as a GK activator. 
The inventors made intensive studies of a condensed heterocycle and as a result, they found that a compound characterized in that it has a group represented by -X-B and a carbamoyl group on the benzene ring of a condensed heterocycle, and to the nitrogen atom of the carbamoyl group, a pyridyl, pyrazinyl or thiazolyl group which may be substituted with a specific substituent is attached has a favorable GK activating action, and thus the invention has been completed. 
Because the compound of the invention has a favorable GK activating action, it is useful as a therapeutic agent for diabetes, particularly type II diabetes 
A spline shaft capable of securely suppressing the occurrence of stick slip by means other than reducing surface roughness. 
The spline shaft (10) comprises a first shaft (11) on which an outer circumferential spline (111) is formed and a second shaft (12) having an inner circumferential spline (121) circumferentially engaged with and axially slidable along the outer circumferential spline (111). 
At least one of the outer circumferential spline (111) and the inner circumferential spline (121) comprises a base material (111a) having a surface formed with predetermined surface roughness and a amorphous carbonaceous hard thin-film (111b) covering the surface of the base material (111a) 
It is intended to provide a method of inhibiting angiogenesis or neoangiogenesis and a composition therefor, and a method which is useful in treating a disease or a disorder relating to angiogenesis or neoangiogenesis and a composition therefor. 
The above-described compositions contain an effective amount of Ephrin B2 and the above-described methods involve the step of administering an effective amount of Ephrin B2. 
These compositions and methods are useful in treating a disease or a disorder relating to angiogenesis or neoangiogenesis. 
Moreover, these compositions and methods can inhibit neoangiogenesis from the retina 
A resin composition which comprises: (a) an amorphous thermoplastic resin; and (b) at least one amide compound represented by the general formula (1) R<SUP>1</SUP>-(CONHR<SUP>2</SUP>)<SUB>n</SUB> [wherein n is an integer of 2-6; when n is 2, then R<SUP>1</SUP> represents a residue obtained by removing all the carboxy groups from a C<SUB>8-20</SUB> alicyclic or aromatic dicarboxylic acid and the two R<SUP>2</SUP>'s are the same or different and each represents a residue obtained by removing the amino group from a C<SUB>6-30</SUB> alicyclic or aromatic monoamine; and when n is 3-6, then R<SUP>1</SUP> represents a residue obtained by removing all the carboxy groups from a C<SUB>6-18</SUB> (un)saturated aliphatic polycarboxylic acid or a residue obtained by removing all the carboxy groups from a C<SUB>9-18</SUB> alicyclic or aromatic polycarboxylic acid, and the three to six R<SUP>2</SUP>'s are the same or different and each represents a residue obtained by removing the amino group from a C<SUB>6-30</SUB> (un)saturated aliphatic, alicyclic, or aromatic monoamine], the amount of the amide compound being 0.001-10 parts by weight per 100 parts by weight of the amorphous thermoplastic resin 
[PROBLEMS] To provide an electromagnetic induction RFID tag used together with an article including a metal, and to provide its access unit. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] The electromagnetic induction RFID tag comprises a core member having two ends each having an end face, an antenna coil wound around the core member, and an IC chip connected with the antenna coil wherein magnetic flux exiting from the other end face is oriented at an angle of about 180° to the orientation of magnetic flux entering one end face. 
Consequently, information can be read out with high precision with no influence of surrounding metal. 
The access unit of the RFID tag comprises a core member having two ends each having an end face, an antenna coil wound around the core member, and a control section connected with the antenna coil wherein magnetic flux exiting from the other end face is oriented at an angle of about 180° to the orientation of magnetic flux entering one end face. 
The access unit is preferably used in combination with the inventive RFID 
[PROBLEMS] An acceleration device capable of safely and efficiently accelerating an aircraft even it is a high-speed and heavy-weight one. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] The acceleration device has a support base for supporting an aircraft so that it does not go back, does not lift up, and does not perform pitching; a guide way placed along a predetermined route; a guide means for guiding the support base along the guide way; and a drive means for driving the support base along the guide way 
There is provided a MIMO radio communication system capable of mitigating lowering of the transmission rate in a cell terminal far from a base station and compensating a high transmission rate for a mobile station not depending on the distance from the base station. 
When a mobile station (21) is in a state 1 near from a first base station (11), the distance between the first base station and the mobile station is short and preferable propagation path state is obtained to enable high-speed transmission. 
Accordingly, the mobile station confirms the propagation path quality and instructs so as to transmit data only to the first base station. 
When the mobile station moves to a state 2, the transmission path state with the first base station is degraded but as the transmission-enabled data rate is lowered, communication with a second base station 12 is enabled. 
Accordingly, the mobile station request to divide the data between the first base station and the second base station so as to perform MIMO communication between the two base stations and the mobile station. 
When the mobile station moves to a position of state 3, communication with the first base station is disabled and the propagation path state with the second base station becomes preferable to enable high-speed transmission. 
Accordingly, the mobile station requests only the second base station for data and communicates with the second base station 
To create a job flow having machine type dependence and commonly usable among different types of devices, a CPU of a client PC displays first task information relating to tasks usable in a first print processing device and creates a first task cooperative job flow executable in the first print processing device. 
Then, the CPU of the client PC creates definition information of the first task cooperative job flow based on an edit instruction entered using the first task information. 
Furthermore, the CPU of the client PC produces definition information of a second task cooperative job flow executable in a second task processing device based on the definition information of the created first cooperative job flow as well as based on second task information relating to tasks usable in the second print processing device 
A coupling system for connecting a first body (V) to a second body (P) comprises a coupling mechanism (50) connected to the second body, which can be selectively elongated or shortened in a direction of elongation and shortening (T3) and which comprises a first and a second stop member (51, 57), in which the said second stop member (57) is designed so that it can be moved away from or towards the first stop member (51) as a result of an elongation or a shortening of the coupling mechanism and so that it can be rotated, with respect to the first stop member (51), about the direction of elongation and shortening (T3); and a receiving device (100) connected to the first body, comprising a counter-stop member (101) in which is formed a penetrating receiving aperture (102), shaped so that it can selectively permit or prevent an insertion of the second stop member (57) through it. 
The coupling system can assume a pre-locking condition, in which the said coupling mechanism is elongated so that it can be partially inserted through the penetrating receiving aperture to an extent such that the second stop member (57) is positioned beyond the penetrating receiving aperture (102), the first stop member (51) defining a limit position of the insertion of the coupling mechanism, and a locked condition, in which, with the coupling mechanism partially inserted through the penetrating receiving aperture (102) so that the second stop member (57) is positioned beyond the penetrating receiving aperture, the second stop member (57) is brought towards the first stop member (51) and rotated with respect thereto by an amount such that the counter-stop member (101) is locked between the first and second stop members 
The invention concerns a method for diagnosing a possible breakdown of a vehicle component (2.1), characterized in that it includes a first step which consists in storing a first distance covered by the vehicle at a time when an event related to the breakdown occurs, and a second step which consists in storing at least another covered distance, then in making the diagnosis based on the stored covered distances 
The invention relates to the use of radicals RO<SUP>?</SUP>, R representing a hydrogen atom, an alkyl group comprising between 2 and 15 carbon atoms, a -COR' acyl group in which R' represents an alkyl group comprising between 2 and 15 carbon atoms, or a -COAr aroyl group in which Ar represents an aromatic group comprising between 6 and 15 carbon atoms, for the hydroxylation, alcoxylation or oxycarbonylation of polymer surfaces or mixtures of polymers, said polymers comprising monomeric units, at least 50 % thereof comprising aliphatic units, and said RO<SUP>? </SUP>radicals being generated electrochemically or photochemically 
The invention relates to producing C<SUB>2</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>-olefins, in particular propylene, from an educt mixture containing water vapour and methanol and/or dimethyl ether, wherein the inventive method consists in transforming the educt mixture on a catalyst in a reactor into a reaction mixture containing low-molecular olefins and gasoline hydrocarbons, in separating said mixture in a first separation device into an olefin C<SUB>5</SUB>-rich mixture, a C<SUB>5+</SUB>- gasoline hydrocarbon-rich mixture and into a gaseous phase. 
In order to increase a propylene yield, the C<SUB>5+</SUB>- gasoline hydrocarbon-rich mixture is directed to a second separation device, wherein aromatics contained in the mixture are separated, and residue flow which is substantially aromatic-free is redirected at least partially to the reactor 
Embodiments of the invention generally include a filter housing having a bagging ring coated to enhance a bag-to-bagging ring seal. 
In one embodiment, the housing assembly includes a housing having an inlet, an outlet and an access port. 
A bagging ring is disposed around the access port and includes a material having a property that enhances the bag-to-bagging ring seal. 
Examples of materials that have a property that enhance the bag-to-bagging ring seal include materials that are attracted to a plastic bag, materials that are tacky, materials that have a static attraction to a plastic bag 
A minimally invasive procedure for perfusion-impregnation of tissues, organs and cells is provided that aids in the retention of tissue and cellular architecture without the formation of artifacts. 
The procedure allows for monitoring drug disposition, for detecting diseased tissue and for monitoring the presence of target molecules in a sample using various imaging techniques, including matrix assisted laser desoiption ionization mass spectrometry (MALDI-MS) 
A convenient process for the regioselective synthesis of 1 ,5-disubstituted 1 ,2,3-triazoles and 1 ,4,5-trisubstituted 1 ,2,3-triazoles from organic azides and alkynes employs catalytic ruthenium 
The present invention relates to certain pharmaceutical compositions of a 5-HT<SUB>2A</SUB> serotonin receptor modulator and methods for preparing pharmaceutical composition related thereto. 
The pharmaceutical compositions are useful in the treatment of platelet aggregation, coronary artery disease, myocardial infarction, transient ischemic attack, angina, stroke, atrial fibrillation, reducing the risk of blood clot formation, asthma or symptoms thereof, agitation or a symptom, behavioral disorders, drug induced psychosis, excitative psychosis, Gilles de la Tourette's syndrome, manic disorder, organic or NOS psychosis, psychotic disorder, psychosis, acute schizophrenia, chronic schizophrenia, NOS schizophrenia and related disorders, sleep disorders, diabetic-related disorders, progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy and the like 
In one embodiment, an apparatus comprises a first interface circuit, a direct memory access (DMA) controller coupled to the first interface circuit, and a host coupled to the DMA controller. 
The first interface circuit is configured to communicate on an interface according to a protocol. 
The host comprises at least one address space mapped, at least in part, to a plurality of memory locations in a memory system of the host. 
The DMA controller is configured to perform DMA transfers between the first interface circuit and the address space, and the DMA controller is further configured to perform DMA transfers between a first plurality of the plurality of memory locations and a second plurality of the plurality of memory locations 
An aqueous or powder composition includes anti-gram-negative antibiotic or salt thereof being present at an amount ranging from about 100 mg/ml to about 200 mg/ml. 
Another aqueous or powder composition includes anti-gram-positive antibiotic or salt thereof being present at a concentration ranging from about 0.6 to about 0.9 of the water solubility limit, at 25°C and 1.0 atmosphere, of the anti-gram-positive antibiotic or salt thereof. 
Other embodiments include unit doses, kits, and methods 
Instruction-assisted cache management for efficient use of cache and memory. 
Hints (e.g., modifiers) are added to read and write memory access instructions to identify the memory access is for temporal data. 
In view of such hints, alternative cache policy and allocation policies are implemented that minimize cache and memory access. 
Under one policy, a write cache miss may result in a write of data to a partial cache line without a memory read/write cycle to fill the remainder of the line. 
Under another policy, a read cache miss may result in a read from memory without allocating or writing the read data to a cache line. 
A cache line soft-lock mechanism is also disclosed, wherein cache lines may be selectably soft locked to indicate preference for keeping those cache lines over non-locked lines 
This invention relates to organometallic precursor compounds represented by the formula (Cp(R')<SUB>x</SUB>)<SUB>y</SUB>M(H)<SUB>z-y</SUB>, a process for producing the organometallic precursor compounds, and a method for depositing a metal and/or metal carbide layer, e.g., Ta metal and/or TaC layer, on a substrate by the thermal or plasma enhanced disassociation of the organometallic precursor compounds, e.g., by CVD or ALD techniques. 
The metal and/or metal carbide layer is useful as a liner or barrier layer for conducting metals and high dielectric constant materials in integrated circuit manufacturing 
Crosslinked polymeric materials are described that contain pendant amine capture groups. 
The amine capture groups include N-sulfonylaminocarbonyl groups that can react with amine-containing materials by a nucleophilic displacement reaction. 
Reaction mixtures used to prepare the crosslinked polymeric materials, articles containing the crosslinked polymeric materials, methods of making articles, and methods of immobilizing an amine-containing material are also described 
A system for predicting fouling and corrosion of a combustion system in an industrial process includes a pipe (102) , a restrictive element (104) , and a fouling and corrosion detector (110) . 
The pipe (102) contains a fuel. 
The restrictive element (104) is coupled to the pipe (102) and the fuel passes through the restrictive element (104) . 
The fouling and corrosion detector (110) is coupled to the pipe (102) and is adapted to detect a characteristic signature of the restrictive element (104) and to generate an alarm if a change in the detected signature exceeds a predetermined limit relative to a baseline signature 
A curable composition for coating an optical fiber that includes an aliphatic-aromatic oxyglycidyl (meth)acrylate monomeric component, an aliphatic-(hetero)cyclic oxyglycidyl (meth)acrylate monomeric component, or a combination thereof, and an ethylenically unsaturated urethane or urea oligomeric component. 
Cured products of the composition and optical fibers that contain cured primary coatings formed from such compositions are also disclosed. 
The resulting optical fibers and optical fiber ribbons containing them can be used for data transmission in telecommunications systems 
A method and a system for utilizing a broadcast service in a communication network (110). The communication network includes a plurality of electronic devices. 
The method also includes locating (208) at least one broadcast service, based on the one or more reference identifiers. Moreover, the method includes performing an action (210) by the second electronic device based on preferences of a user of the first electronic device 
A VA-mode liquid crystal display unit which does not cause alignment disturbance even if produced by using a photo-alignment method. 
The liquid crystal display unit comprises a liquid crystal layer consisting of vertically-aligned liquid crystal molecules (22), and a TFT substrate (10A) consisting of a metal layer (12) constituting at least part of a TFT, a gate bus line, a source bus line and a CS bus line that are formed on a glass substrate (10). 
A short-wavelength absorbing resin layer (14) is further provided so as to cover the metal layer (12), and a pixel electrode (15) formed of a transparent conductive layer (e.g. ITO layer) is provided on the short-wavelength absorbing resin layer (14). 
A photo-alignment film (16) is provided on the almost entire surface, including a portion above the pixel electrode (15), of the substrate. 
The photo-alignment film (16) is photo-alignment processed by applying a light containing a photosensitive wavelength obliquely onto a photo-alignment film material having a photosensitive wavelength within a wavelength range of at least 250 nm and up to 380 nm. 
The short-wavelength absorbing resin layer (14) has optical characteristics that attenuate the intensity of a light with a photosensitive wavelength that is incident to the short-wavelength absorbing resin layer (14) and reflected off the metal layer (12) to up to 60%. 
The liquid crystal display unit is suitably used in applications requiring a high-grade display such as a TV receiver 
Provided is a mechanism for transferring a pickup, by which an optical pickup can be positioned at a correct position even when the sizes are reduced. sizes are reduced. 
The mechanism (1) for transferring the pickup is provided with a lead screw (11) attached to a moving chassis (8), a pickup section (12), a rack member (13), a torsion coil spring (14), a protruding section (20) and a recessed section (21). 
The pickup section (12) is provided with a case (15) wherein the pickup is stored. 
The rack member (13) is fixed to the case (15). 
A rack section (24) arranged on one end portion (23a) of a rack main body (23) of the rack member (13), and one end portion (15a) of the case (15) are screwed together with the lead screw (11). 
On the other end portion (23b) of the rack main body (23) of the rack member (13), an abutting section (19) which abuts to an inner end portion (5b) of the moving chassis (8) is arranged. 
The torsion coil spring (14) urges the abutting section (19) toward the other end portion (15b). 
The protruding section (20) is arranged on the abutting section (19), and the recessed section (21) is arranged on the other end portion (15b) 
It is possible to provide a data recording technique for effectively performing random access to arbitrary data while suppressing the number of files generated. 
A recording device is used for recording content data into a recording medium. 
The recording device includes a judgment unit for receiving inputted content data and identifying its data format, a selection unit for selecting a first recording process for adding the data to an existing file on the recording medium or a second recording process for recording the data as a new file, and a recording unit for recording the data onto the recording medium according to the selected recording process. 
When the data format of the data identified by the judgment unit is at least partially identical to the data format of the data stored in the existing file in the recording medium, the selection unit selects the first recording process. 
Otherwise, it selects the second recording process 
An embossing device (1) comprising an emboss roller (21) having a surface on which protrusions and recesses are formed, and a pressurized roller (20) arranged oppositely to the emboss roller (21), wherein a printed matter (100) is held between these rollers and imparted with protrusions and recesses. 
Surface of the emboss roller (21) has an arithmetic mean roughness Ra of 4.50-18.55 µm and Kurtosis Rku of 2.12-3.88. 
Protruding and recessed surface of the printed matter (100) has an arithmetic mean roughness Ra of 0.55 µm or above and a skewness Rsk of -2.73 to -0.65 
To enable a liquid to be ejected in a satisfactory manner with one hand only. 
A liquid container which comprises: a container main body; a lid fitted to the opening of the container main body; a pump main body which sucks a liquid placed in the container main body and ejects it outside; an actuating member which is fitted to a peripheral part of the lid so as to be swingable in upward/downward directions and which serves to actuate the pump main body by pushing it down from above; and a liquid discharge tube connected to the pump main body via a peripheral part of the lid located on the side where the actuating member swings. 
The actuating member has such a shape that when that part of the lid on which the member swings is taken as the fulcrum of a lever and the part which actuates the pump main body is taken as the point of application, then the actuating member has a point of force whose distance from the fulcrum is longer than the distance between the point of application and the fulcrum and the point of force is located inside the projected area of the container main body. 
The discharge tube extends upward above the fulcrum, point of application, and point of force 
The invention relates to a composition for controlling common scab of an agricultural crop containing a compound represented by the formula I or a salt thereof. 
The invention further relates to a method for controlling common scab of an agricultural crop using the composition for controlling common scab of an agricultural crop containing a compound represented by the formula I or a salt thereof 
This invention provides a thermostat device that is incorporated in a cooling water passage in an engine (1) and comprises a thermal expansion body (15) which is incorporated in an operating part (7) and undergoes thermal expansion or contraction upon a change in temperature of cooling water. 
The axial length of the operating part (7) is changed through the thermal expansion or contraction of the thermal expansion body (15) to open/close a valve disposed in the cooling water passage. 
The thermal expansion body (15) comprises a first thermal expansion body (15a), which has a low thermal expansion start temperature and a low thermal expansion response speed, and a second thermal expansion body (15b) which has a thermal expansion start temperature above that of the first thermal expansion body (15a) and has a higher thermal expansion response speed than the first thermal expansion body (15a) 
It is intended to provide a novel therapeutic agent for heart failure having an excellent action of improving cardiac function. 
The therapeutic agent for heart failure contains a cholinesterase inhibitor as an active ingredient 
A liquid crystal display comprises first and second panels superimposed on one the other. 
The polarizing plates (A to C) are provided to each panel. 
The polarizing panels of any adjoining panels are in the crossnicol relationship. 
When the first panel carries out display according to a first display signal, the second panel carries out display according to a second display signal generated from the first display signal. 
Light-diffusing layers having light diffusivity are provided to the superimposed two panels. 
Consequently, the Moire significantly conspicuous when two liquid crystal panels are superimposed on one the other can be reduced. 
Thus, a liquid crystal display with high display definition is realized 
The present invention provides a novel antimalarial compound 3-[2-(2-Hydroxymethyl- 1, 4a, 5-trimethyl-7-oxo-l,2,3,4,4a, 7 8, 8a-octahydronaphthalen-l-yl)-ethyl]-5H-furan- 2-one of the formula (I) given below or pharmaceutically acceptable derivatives thereof, isolated from Gomphostema niveum and also provides a method for the extraction thereof as well as methods for the treatment of malaria using said compound 
Novel splice variants, amino acid sequences and nucleotide sequences thereof, and methods of using same 
The present invention provides the use of fused pyrrole carboxylic acids of formula (I) for the manufacture of a medicament to inhibit D-amino acid oxidase, particularly for the treatment of neurodegenerative and psychiatric disorders or diseases; certain compounds of formula I being novel, pharmaceutical compositions containing them, their use in medicine and methods of treatment using them are also disclosed 
An optical component for gain-flattening multiplexed passband signals amplified with optical pump power, comprises a launch port optical waveguide operative to communicate multiplexed passband signals in a passband wavelength range and optical pump power in a different wavelength range; a thin film demux filter oriented to receive combined multiplexed passband signals and optical pump power from the launch port optical waveguide, and operative to pass the multiplexed passband signals and to reflect the optical pump power; a bypass port optical waveguide operative and oriented to receive and carry optical pump power reflected by the demux filter; a gain-flattening filter positioned to receive from the thin film demux filter and operative to pass the multiplexed passband signals with a desired attenuation profile for gain- flattening; and an output port optical waveguide oriented to receive and operative to carry at least multiplexed passband signals passed by the gain-flattening filter. 
Also disclosed are optical amplifiers comprising such GFF components. 
Also disclosed are optical filters comprising an optical substrate, a thin film demux filter on a first surface of the optical substrate, and a gain- flattening filter on an opposite surface of the optical substrate, wherein the demux filter is operative to pass multiplexed passband signals in a passband wavelength range and to reflect optical pump power in a different wavelength range, and the gain-flattening filter is operative to pass the multiplexed passband signals and to provide a desired attenuation profile to the multiplexed passband signals 
The invention relates to a control system for a permanently excited electric motor, comprising at least one phase. 
Said system comprises a first half-bridge arrangement for each phase of the electric motor. 
Said control system comprises an intermediate circuit which connects the half-bridge arrangement to the motor supply voltage source. 
Said control system also comprises a motor control which is used to control the half-bridge arrangement. 
A polarity which defines potential can be applied during a predetermined period of time to each respective phase of the electric motor, which is associated with the half-bridge arrangement, using the motor control. 
A protection module, which is connected to the at least one phase of the electric motor, is provided. 
Said protection module comprises a second half-bridge arrangement for each phase of the electric motor and a serial connection from a first switch and a receiver (in particular, a resistance), said serial connection is parallel to the second half-bridge arrangement. 
In the event of a failure, the first switch can be switched on such that a current can flow over the receiver. 
The invention relates to a white light-emitting organic illuminating diode containing at least one blue light-emitting fluoranthene derivative of general formula (I) as components A (I) and at least one blue light-emitting arylamine derivative as components B, wherein the HOMO-energy and LUMO-energy of components A and B are different provided that the LUMO-energy of components A is greater than the HOMO-energy of components B. The invention also relates to a composition containing at least one blue light-emitting fluoranthene derivative of formula I as components A and at least one blue light-emitting arylamine-derivative as component B, wherein the HOMO-energy and LUMO-energy of components A and B are different provided that the LUMO-energy of components A is greater than the HOMO-energy of components B, and a light-emitting layer which contains a composition and a white light-emitting organic illuminating diode which contains the inventive composition or an inventive light-emitting layer. 
The invention further relates to a device which is selected from the group consisting of stationary screens, such as computer screens, televisions, screens in printers, kitchen appliances, and advertisements panels, lights, information boards, and mobile screens such as mobile telephone screens, laptops, vehicles and destination displays on buses and trains comprising at least one inventive organic illuminating diode and to the use of an inventive composition in a white light-emitting organic illuminating diode 
The invention relates to the use of phosphorylated and/or non- phosphorylated membrane associated progesterone receptor component 1 (mPR or PGRMC 1 ) or progesterone membrane component 2 (PGRMC2), in particular of at least one isoform thereof, and to other proteins, in particular isoforms thereof, as diagnostic markers and/or therapeutic targets for diseases associated with aberrant biological phenotypes, reagents for influencing mPR and/or the abundance and/or activity of said other proteins and to the use of an appropriate assay 
The invention provides a cement composition resistant to carbon dioxide including a hollow element for trapping carbonation products. 
The hollow element can be an additional component added to the cement composition, this component is made of hollow spherical or quasi spherical particles as cenospheres, sodium-calcium-borosilicate glass, silica-alumina microspheres, or a combination thereof. 
Or the hollow element is a spherical or quasi spherical void made in the set cement, for example by foaming the cement composition with a gas as air, nitrogen or a combination thereof. 
Use of such cement composition in carbon dioxide application is disclosed. 
Additionally, a method to cement a part of a borehole in presence with carbon dioxide is disclosed, a method to repair a part of a borehole in presence with carbon dioxide is disclosed using the above cement composition and a method to plug a part of a borehole in presence with carbon dioxide is disclosed 
Systems and methods are provided for enhancing signal quality at receivers in a wireless network. 
In one embodiment, an antenna is selected from a subset of antennas based on a signal quality parameter such as received signal power or signal-to-noise ratio (SNR). 
In another embodiment, multiple antennas are applied to independent signal processing paths for the respective antennas where output from the paths is then combined to enhance overall signal quality at the receiver 
A pressure sensor, in one embodiment, is passed through the atrial septal wall. 
A plurality of anchors is disposed on each side of the septal wall and secure the position of the pressure sensor 
Dynamic stabilization apparatus and methods in the context of a spinal implant configured to constraine intervertebral movement, where the constraint is meant to eliminate unwanted, non-physiologic motions. 
The system provides dynamic stability to motion in a compromised spinal joint by allowing motion along a centrode of the instant axis of rotation (IAR) that substantially approximates the normal centrode for the respective spinal joint 
The present invention is a collapsible liner for use in a bulk container. 
The liner comprises a front portion, a rear portion, and first and second side portions. 
The front portion, rear portion, and side portions are sealed together to form a four side panels, and top and bottom panels. 
A removable piece is provided in at least one of the portions. 
The removable piece may be removed to provide an opening for receiving a fitment. 
After the portions are sealed together, the removable piece is removed and a fitment is fit and sealed within the opening thereby provided 
A method for generating computer code includes automatically generating a data structure based on a data description, automatically generating a user interface based on the data description, and an automatically generating linking code for linking the generated data structure, the user interface and control code 
An error condition, fault, defect, obstruction, or defective arrangement of viewing angle is determined in a target security device, such as a motion sensor. 
A plurality of times a fault is detected in a first security device arranged to sense activity in a first zone, the target security device being arranged to sense activity in a second zone overlapping with the first zone; and the error condition may be determined in the target security device when fault in the target security device is not detected for the plurality of times. 
The second zone may overlap substantially all of the first zone. 
The first security device may be a door security sensor, a gate security sensor, a keypad or a motion detector. 
When the first security device is a keypad or user interface, the fault may be an arm or disarm command or an arm/disarm command cycle 
According to one example embodiment, an integrated security arrangement detects unwanted intruders in a facility. 
The arrangement includes an intrusion sensor to sense an intrusion at a target area of a facility, a second sensor to sense movement, an image-capture device, and a base unit. 
The image-capture device captures images in response to an intrusion indication from the intrusion sensor and in response to a movement indication from the second sensor. 
The base unit integrates a direction of view of the second sensor and of the image-capture device, thereby directing the second sensor to sense in the target area in which the images are captured by the image-capture device 
A protective sheath for endoscopes and other elongate medical devices comprises a sheath, a tissue anchor, and a stiffening element or guide. 
The stiffening element is used to advance the protective sheath through a working channel or other central passage of the endoscope, while the tissue anchor immobilizes a free end of the sheath at a body orifice as the endoscope is introduced. 
In this way, the protective sheath will drawn from the working channel, evert over a distal end of the endoscope, and remain stationary over the device relative to the body lumen as the endoscope is advanced 
A flexible mounting base to hold a sensor at an infusion site, the sensor being a removable in vivo sensor for monitoring analyte concentration level in a patient, such as blood glucose (BG) level. 
The mounting base comprises a flexible adhesive that anchors the flexible sensor set at an infusion site to provide stability for the sensor set in a convenient and comfortable manner. 
Placement of the mounting base onto the patient's skin causes the insertion needle to pierce the skin for transcutaneous placement of the cannula with the sensor therein. 
The insertion needle can then be withdrawn to leave the cannula and sensor at the selected insertion position, with the distal segment of the sensor being exposed to patient extracellular fluid via apertures formed in the cannula 
This invention discloses a power control system comprising a prime mover and a generator driven by the prime mover. 
The control device further is coupled with the prime mover and the generator wherein the control device ascertains a power level of the generator and varies an output power of the prime mover according to the power level. 
The control device measures a duty cycle of a generator output power controller to ascertain the generator power level and generates a signal to a prime mover controller so that the generator duty cycle remains within a pre-determined range. 
The power control system may include a transmission wherein the control device operation maybe conditioned on a state of the transmission. 
The power control system may include a speed converter coupled with the prime mover wherein the control device converts a speed of the prime mover according to the generator power level. 
The control device may operate to control an output power of the generator concurrently with controlling the output power of the prime mover 
Methods for treating and preventing middle ear infections by transmembrane administration of medicament-containing transmembrane carrier compositions comprising a nonionic polymer surfactant, such as an alkyl aryl polyether alcohol (e.g., tyloxapol) to the tympanic membrane. 
The medicaments delivered according to the methods of the invention include antibiotic, antiviral, anti-fungal and anti-inflammatory agents that are useful in treatment and/or prophylaxis of middle ear infections and their sequelae 
A method and apparatus to process an incoming message is described. 
The method may comprise, at a recipient system, receiving an incoming message from a message communicator and automatically analyzing message content to identify a keyword included in the message content. 
Thereafter, a predefined action associated with the keyword may be identified and the action may be performed. 
In an example embodiment, the predefined action may be a priority with the message, alerting an intended recipient of the message, routing the message to the intended recipient, paging the intended recipient, emailing the message to the intended recipient, sending an SMS message to the intended recipient, or the like. 
In an example embodiment, a user/owner of a mailbox may search a message database to identify incoming messages which includes the search term in the message content. 
Methods for treating and preventing middle ear infections by transmembrane administration of medicament-containing transmembrane carrier compositions comprising a chemical penetration enhancer, such as propylene glycol. 
The compositions are applied to the ear so as to contact the outer surface of an intact tympanic membrane to deliver the medicament across the membrane and into the middle ear. 
The medicaments delivered according to the methods of the invention include antibiotic, anti- viral, anti-fungal and anti- inflammatory agents that are useful in treatment and/or prophylaxis of middle ear infections and their sequelae 
Catalysts of certain combinations of platinum, tin, acidic molecular sieve and aluminum phosphate binder achieve the isomerization and dealkylation activities characteristic of platinum-containing catalysts yet enjoy the low net C<SUB>6</SUB> naphthenes make properties 
A chip warming device (10, 1000, 2000) is provided with a support structure (15) and a heating device. 
The support structure (15) has a first door (100) that selectively seals a first opening (60), a second door (110) that selectively seals a second opening (70) and a chip tray (120) that selectively seals a third opening (80). 
The heating device is positioned in the support structure (15) that supplies heat to the chips. 
The first and second openings (60, 70) are adjacent to each other. 
The second door (110) can be at an angle with respect to vertical when in a closed position. 
The chip tray (120) can be at an angle with respect to vertical when in a closed position. 
The support structure (15) can have a floor that is at an angle with respect to horizontal. 
An antimicrobial coating or treatment can be used on at least a portion of the support structure (15) for suppression of microbe growth 
An appliance fabricated to improve the appearance of a patient's smile includes a plurality of simulated teeth. 
The interior surfaces of each of the teeth closely fits and conforms to the surface of a patient's real teeth while the outer surfaces of each of the simulated teeth has an ideal surface configuration. 
The dental appliance provides the patient with the appearance of a perfect set of teeth and an ideal smile without a need to alter the dental structure of the patient's teeth 
The invention relates to a variable lens comprising at least two optical elements, wherein at least one of the optical elements is movable in a plane transversely of the optical axis of the lens relative to the at least one remaining element, wherein at least two optical elements have a surface described by a polynomial of at least the third order, and wherein the curvature of the curved surfaces of the optical elements is such that at different relative positions of the displaceable optical elements the resulting lens has a differing strength. 
According to a first embodiment, the lens comprises at least one optical element having at least one surface described by z = S<SUB>A</SUB> (x,y) = A(x<SUP>2</SUP>y<SUP>2</SUP> + x<SUP>4</SUP> / 6). 
According to another embodiment, the lens comprises at least one optical element having at least one surface described by z = S<SUB>c</SUB>(x,y) = C(x<SUP>2</SUP>y<SUP>3</SUP> + x<SUP>5</SUP> / 10) 
An ink cartridge includes: (a) a case provided with an ink chamber configured to store ink therein, the ink cartridge configured to supply the ink stored in the ink chamber to an ink jet recording apparatus when the ink cartridge is installed in the ink jet recording apparatus, the case including; and (b) an end surface serving as a side surface when the ink cartridge is in an installation posture where the ink cartridge is installed in the ink jet recording apparatus. 
The end surface includes: (c) an ink supply part configured to supply the ink in the ink chamber to the ink jet recording apparatus; and (d) a first projection projecting outwardly from the end surface. 
When the ink cartridge is in the installation posture, at least a part of the first projection is disposed on a line vertically passing through a center of an opening of the ink supply part 
An optical compensatory film comprising an optically anisotropic layer composed of a liquid crystal composition including a liquid crystal compound, wherein the liquid crystal composition contains a copolymer including a repeating unit derived from a monomer of formula [1] and a repeating unit derived from a monomer of formula [2]: Formula [1] wherein R<SUP>0</SUP> represents a hydrogen atom, a halogen atom or an alkyl group, L represents a divalent linking group, and n represents an integer of 1-18; Formula [2] wherein R<SUP>11</SUP> represents a hydrogen atom, a halogen atom or an alkyl group, L<SUP>11</SUP> represents a divalent linking group, and R<SUP>13</SUP>, R<SUP>14</SUP> and R<SUP>15</SUP> represents a hydrocarbon group or an aromatic heterocyclic group 
A unit of ink cartridges including at least three types of ink cartridges having different sizes is provided. 
Each ink cartridge has a first casing member and a second casing member. 
A first ink cartridge is larger in size than the second ink cartridge, and the second ink cartridge is larger in size than the third ink cartridge. 
The first casing member of the second ink cartridge is the same as the first casing member of the first ink cartridge, and the second casing member of the second ink cartridge is the same as the second casing member of the third ink cartridge 
Compounds which have activity at M<SUB>1</SUB> receptor and their uses in medicine Compounds of formula (I) and salts and solvates are provided: wherein R<SUP>4</SUP> is fluoro, R<SUP>5</SUP> is selected from hydrogen, halogen, cyano, C<SUB>1-6</SUB>alkyl, C<SUB>1-6</SUB>alkyl substituted with one or more fluorine atoms, C<SUB>1-6</SUB>alkoxy, and C<SUB>1-6</SUB>alkoxy substituted with one or more fluorine atoms; and R<SUP>6</SUP> is selected from halogen, cyano, C<SUB>1-6</SUB>alkyl, C<SUB>1-6</SUB>alkyl substituted with one or more fluorine atoms, C<SUB>3-6</SUB>cycloalkyl, C<SUB>3-6</SUB>cycloalkyl substituted with one or more fluorine atoms, C<SUB>1-6</SUB>alkoxy and C<SUB>1-6</SUB>alkoxy substituted with one or more fluorine atoms, and Q is hydrogen or C<SUB>1-6</SUB>alkyl. 
The compounds are expected to be useful for therapy, for example in the treatment of psychotic disorders and cognitive impairment 
The invention relates to a beta-3-andrenoceptor agonist use for preventing and treating kidney damages and/or functional bladder troubles, in particular of a neurological origin caused by spinal cord damages 
Disclosed is a discharge lamp, particularly a high-pressure xenon or mercury discharge lamp, comprising a bulb that is provided with two diametrically arranged bulb shafts, each of which supports one electrode with an electrode holding rod and an electrode head. The electrode holding rods are gas-tightly fixed in final sections of the bulb shafts by means of a sealing process. 
According to the invention, the bulb shafts encompass at least two knobs for supporting the electrodes, which are in contact with the electrode holding rods in at least some sections 
The invention relates to a method for inserting a consumable, especially a wear indicator dye, into toothbrush filaments and/or other wearing parts used for personal care, whereby the consumable is introduced into a medium which is subjected to a pressure above atmospheric pressure, and the toothbrush filaments and/or the wearing part are exposed to a pressurised consumable medium mixture for a pre-determined impregnation time. 
The inventive method is characterised in that the medium into which the consumable is introduced contains CO<SUB>2 </SUB> as the essential component. 
Preferably, the consumable CO<SUB>2</SUB> mixture circulates in a pressurised container under a high pressure, such that it infiltrates around the toothbrush filaments or the corresponding wearing part 
Methods, storage mediums, and systems for image data processing are provided. 
Embodiments for the methods, storage mediums, and systems include configurations to perform one or more of the following steps: background signal measurement, particle identification using classification dye emission and cluster rejection, inter-image alignment, inter-image particle correlation, fluorescence integration of reporter emission, and image plane normalization 
An enterprise-level, digital asset management system enables users to upload digital assets (e.g., digital image files) to a central on-line site and to view, edit, manage, arrange, organize, annotate and adjust the digital images. 
Multiple parties can communicate and collaborate with one another in real-time in connection with a project involving the digital images. 
The images can be stored, archived, edited, sorted and sent using a central web-accessible workspace that can be accessed remotely by the various persons working on the project. 
Users (e.g., clients) can order post-production services such as file processing, direct print output, downloads to media, file transfers, file archiving and retrieval. 
The system can be fully automated to allow users to access their digital assets independently, as well as order and pay for services through a built-in ordering component. 
The system can consolidate all aspects of the digital photography workflow 
A process for the polymerization of one or more addition polymerizable monomers and the resulting polymer products, said process comprising: 1) contacting an addition polymerizable monomer or mixture of monomers under addition polymerization conditions in a reactor or reactor zone with a composition comprising at least one olefin polymerization catalyst and a cocatalyst and characterized by the formation of polymer chains from said monomer or monomers; 2) transferring the reaction mixture to a second reactor or reactor zone and optionally adding one or more additional reactants, catalysts, monomers or other compounds prior to, commensurate with, or after said transfer; and 3) causing polymerization to occur in said second reactor or reactor zone to form polymer chains that are differentiated from the polymer chains formed in step 1); said process being characterized by addition of a chain shuttling agent to the reaction mixture prior to, during, or subsequent to step 1) such that at least some of the resulting polymer molecules from step 3) comprise two or more chemically or physically distinguishable blocks or segments 
The application discloses a system and methods for remote access and analysis of data collected about items under inspection. 
The system includes a data collection station, that may include an X-ray scanner, that scans the items under inspection to obtain data about the items. 
The data is transmitted to one or more remote expert stations, where a remote expert analyzes the data to determine whether the item contains a potential threat, such as, for example, explosives or other contraband 
This document provides methods and materials related to treating glaucoma. 
For example, devices that can be implanted into a human's eye to treat glaucoma, methods for treating glaucoma, compositions for reducing polypeptide clogging of implanted devices, and methods for making devices for treating glaucoma are provided 
An emission control system is provided for an engine for reducing NOx emissions, the system comprising an ammonia injector, a controller (1) for controlling the ammonia injector and a catalyst (19), wherein the controller (1) includes a transmitter for transmitting information regarding the amount of ammonia used and the amount of NOx reduced 
In general, embodiments of the present invention relate to a bioluminescence-based point of care device that is made up of at least one reaction well (89)that contains a bioluminescent reagent for a luminescent reaction, sample well (80), sample collection well (84), and reagent well (87). 
A sample is introduced into the reaction wells (89), where it dissolves the reagents and initiates the luminescent reaction, where a luminescence signal is then transmitted through a window to a photo detector 
The drywall repair kit includes at least one support plate (12), a replacement drywall board (24), a roll of fiberglass mesh drywall tape, a drywall saw, and a plurality of fasteners (18). 
The support plate (12) is an elongated plate perforated to form a grid of closely spaced starter holes (20), and has a plurality of transverse score lines (22) spaced at regularly spaced intervals so that the plate (12) is frangible along the score lines (22) to adjust the length of the plate (12). 
In use, at least one support plate (preferably a pair) (12) is inserted through a pre-formed hole (26) in the drywall (14) and fastened to the rear of the hole (26) by driving fasteners (18) through the drywall panel (14) and perforations (20). 
The replacement board (24) is fastened to the support plate(s) (12). 
Fiberglass mesh drywall tape is applied to the joint, which is then spackled, dried and sanded, and the patch is painted 
A rapid and sensitive radiometric assay for assessing the activity of cytochrome P-450 (CYP) 2C19 and the potential of an analyte to inhibit CYP2C19 activity or induce CYP2C19 expression is described. 
All the steps of the assay, including incubations, product separation, and radioactivity counting are preferably performed in a multiwell format, which can be automated 
A communication system issues tokens in order to control communication received by the system. 
The tokens are arbitrary symbols which are stored in one or more Token Logs (TLs) for future reference. 
Those to whom the tokens are issued use specific tokens by including them in messages sent to the token issuer. 
The communication systems belonging to the potential token users record tokens which they have been issued, so that those tokens may be included in subsequent communication to the token issuers. 
Incoming messages without tokens are given a tokenless status and possibly rejected. 
Token-request tokens are automatically issued to allow other individuals to request tokens which can be used in subsequent communication. 
Multiple Token Logs are synchronized across multiple devices. 
Functional and informational message address headers are employed when sending messages so that tokens issued to a given user are not divulged to other message recipients who are different from the given user and different from the token issuer 
A system is provided for composition trust binding in a peer-to-peer network environment. 
The system includes: a service requestor (21) residing on a peer (22) in the network and able to invoke a service (23) residing on another peer (24) in the network. 
The service requestor is also able to communicate a composition trust binding to the peer hosting the service, where the composition trust binding i a set of rules that define a collection of allowable software components which may be invoked by the service. 
A validation agent (25) ensures that the service executes in accordance with the binding 
A compressor that compresses a fluid during a compression stroke to pressurize the fluid includes an inlet adapted to intake the fluid at an inlet pressure. 
An inlet valve is coupled to the inlet and adapted to employ a valve closing time during the compression stroke. 
The compressor further includes an outlet adapted to discharge the fluid subsequent to the compression stroke. 
A dynamic device for reducing functional mitral regurgitation is described. 
The device is disposed externally to the heart and effectively acts as a splint for reducing further dilation of the heart in patients diagnosed with cardiomyopathy, and for reducing tethering of the papillary muscle on the mitral valve. 
The device does not require cardiopulmonary bypass for its installation since it is attached to the outside of the left ventricle, thereby reducing surgical risk, and is not exposed to the patient's blood once installed, thereby reducing the risk of thromboembolic disease 
A game machine in which the processing load to display a scene of, e.g., snowing or raining on a game screen during a three-dimensional game is lightened. 
Environment rendering object arranging means (snow object arranging section (64)) arranges environment rendering objects in an objective region of a three-dimensional game space defined according to a point-of-view position and in a line-of-sight direction. 
Objective region control means (snow-causing objective region control section (60)) moves the objective region with a variation of the point-of-view position or the line-of-sight direction according to the point-of-view position and the lone-of-sight direction after the variation. 
A display section (70) displays the scene viewed from the point-of-view position in the line-of-sight direction in the three-dimensional game space where environment rendering objects are arranged in the objective region 
A nut (4) is provided inside a casing (3) in which a drive shaft (2) having a screw groove (2a) is inserted. 
The nut (4) is screwed on the drive shaft (2). 
An internally toothed gear (25) formed to surround the drive shaft (2) is attached to the nut (4). 
A spur gear (36) is fixed to an eccentricity section (37) of an output shaft (27) of an electric motor (5), and the spur gear (36) and the internally toothed gear (25) are meshed together to form a speed reduction mechanism (6). 
An electromagnetic clutch (7) is fixed to the output shaft (27). 
The electromagnetic clutch (7) switches between a state in which the output shaft (27) and the nut (4) are directly connected to rotate the nut (4) at the rotation speed of the output shaft (27) and a state in which the output shaft (27) and the nut (4) are disconnected and the nut (4) is rotated at a speed obtained by reducing the rotation speed of the output shaft (27) by the speed reduction mechanism (6) 
[Problems] To provide a network device, a data relaying method and a program, which can be disposed without influencing a network and which extracts predetermined information such as a specific pattern from the information to flow in the network, thereby to process the extracted information and feed it again to the network, to discard the extracted information, or to inform a predetermined address of that information. 
[Means for Solving the Problems] A packet of a target application is specified and buffered to check its contents. 
When the packet containing predetermined information such as a specific pattern is detected, that information is discarded or processed and is returned to the network, thereby to inform it to a registered address by a mail or other means that the predetermined information has been received. 
A lamp or a warning device is started to inform a predetermined line of the received contents. 
The contents are checked by two kinds of methods of a real time check and a check after the packet assembly 
This invention provides a pressure-sensitive adhesive composition for a polarizing plate, comprising (A) a specific amount of a specific (meth)acrylic polymer, (B) a specific amount of an ionic liquid, and (C) a specific amount of an isocyanate-type crosslinking agent. 
When a pressure-sensitive adhesive layer formed from the pressure-sensitive adhesive composition for a polarizing plate is provided on one side of a polarizing plate, the pressure-sensitive adhesive layer is suitably plasticized and, at the same time, conforming of the pressure-sensitive adhesive layer to an adherend is improved. 
Accordingly, in laminating a large polarizing plate to a liquid crystal cell, separation or lifting derived from flexure caused by significant self-weight of the polarizing plate can be prevented. 
Further, since the pressure-sensitive adhesive layer conforms to fine irregularities on the surface of glass as a liquid crystal cell substrate, even under a high temperature and moist heat environment, separation or lifting of the polarizing plate from the liquid crystal cell can be surely prevented, and the adhesion to the liquid crystal cell is also excellent 
The present invention relates to an ultra-sensitive method for detection and/or quantification of an analyte in a sample, comprising steps of: contacting the analyte present in the sample with an analyte-counterpart; and applying an electric field in a direction perpendicular to the plane of the electrode for a period sufficient to cause the analyte-counterpart to bind to analyte for detection and quantification of the analyte; an apparatus for detection and/or quantification of an analyte in a sample comprising: electrodes; means for applying electric energy to the sample in perpendicular direction; and means for detecting read-out signal; and lastly a kit for detection and/or quantification of an analyte in a sample comprising: electrodes; means for applying electric energy to the sample in perpendicular direction; counterpart of analyte capable of recognizing the analyte means for detecting read-out signal; and manual of instructions 
The buoyancy-gravity engine according to the present invention comprises buoyancy gravity rollers (1) which is constructed with specific dimensions and shape so as to perform its function effectively; a buoyancy chamber; a float regulation machine; a gravity machine with at least one wheel (3); a De-Pressure transfer box (9A); an interlinked BG roller (1) transfer mechanism; and a liquid compensator. 
The BG Roller (1) travels up and down through the buoyancy column and the gravity machine. 
When the BG roller (1 ) moves down in the gravity machine at least one wheel (3) of the machine is rotated due to the eccentric weight of the roller (1) in one end of the wheel (3). 
The roller (1) then slips down from the fingers of the wheel and rolls down to the mouth of the DP transfer box (9A). 
The roller is then pushed into the buoyancy column, and due to the inherent law of buoyancy, the roller (1 ) automatically reaches the top of the buoyancy column and again falls into the fingers of the gravity machine. 
It should be noted that for the entire operation the energy required is very small and almost negligible 
The disclosure provides a parachute release device which may include a connecting element capable of connecting to an aircraft and to a parachute and a locking mechanism capable of releasing the connecting element from the aircraft upon being actuated by an actuator, wherein the parachute may be connected to the connecting element by a multiplicity of points, wherein the locking mechanism is adapted to inhibit a force from being applied to the actuator and wherein the device may be suitable for use in small weights aircrafts due to its small size and weight . 
The disclosure further provides a method for releasing a parachute from an aircraft, the method may include activating an actuator capable of releasing a locking mechanism, wherein the locking mechanism is adapted to release a connecting element from an aircraft upon being actuated, wherein the connecting element is adapted to connect a parachute and wherein the locking mechanism is adapted to inhibit a force from being applied to the actuator 
The invention concerns a medical instrument disinfecting chamber, of the type comprising means (2) for suspending at least one instrument (4) in the chamber and means for generating in the chamber, a disinfecting radiation. The invention is characterized in that it comprises radiation-transparent means (7), for maintaining the instrument (4) in an extended state substantially vertically oriented, under the suspensions means (2) 
Arbitrary resolution change downsizing decoding is described. 
In one aspect, an encoded bitstream is received. 
The encoded bitstream is downscaled in a DCT domain-decoding loop to generate downscaled data 
A self-contained, self-executing digital audio player that includes a casing, a memory disposed in the casing, a power source disposed in the casing, and a sound jack disposed in an opening in the casing. 
The memory is preprogrammed with a predetermined audio selection, and a user cannot change the audio once the memory has been preprogrammed 
A blog search engine may receive a search query. 
The blog search engine may determine scores for a group of blog documents in response to the search query, where the scores are based on a relevance of the group of blog documents to the search query and a quality of the group of blog documents. 
The blog search engine may also provide information regarding the group of blog documents based on the determined scores 
The present invention provides methods of using PROK2 and PROK1 antagonist, including monoclonal antibodies to treat inflammation, angiogenesis, and cancer 
Dried bundles of chopped glass fibers that may be used in mat forming applications is provided. 
The chopped glass fiber bundles (42) are formed of individual glass fibers (12) positioned in a substantial parallel orientation. 
The dried chopped glass fiber bundles may be prepared by applying a size composition to attenuated glass fibers, splitting the fibers to obtain a desired bundle tex, chopping the wet glass bundles to a discrete length, and drying the wet glass bundles in a dielectric oven, a Cratec® oven, or a rotating tray oven. 
Alternatively, the dried chopped glass bundles may be prepared by sizing attenuated glass fibers, passing the sized fibers through a heat transfer chamber where air heated by a bushing is drawn into the heat transfer chamber to dry the glass fiber bundles, splitting the dried, sized glass fiber bundles to obtain a desired bundle tex, and chopping the dried bundles of glass fibers. 
The sizing composition includes : one or more film-forming agents selected from the group consisting of a polyrethane film-former, an unasturated polyester or an epoxy resin. 
The invention relates to a method for manufacturing co-extruded food products, comprising the processing steps of: A) co-extruding an elongate dough strand and a casing enclosing the elongate dough strand to form a non-coagulated food product, B) bringing the casing into contact with a salt solution, and C) dividing the encased elongate food strand into individual products, whereafter the co-extruded food products are subjected to an airflow. 
The invention also relates to a device for manufacturing co- extruded food products 
The present invention relates to a esterase gene and its uses, specifically, a brewery yeast producing alcoholic beverages with excellent aroma and flavor, alcoholic beverages produced using the yeast, a process for producing the alcoholic beverages. 
More particularly, the present invention relates to a yeast whose capability of producing ester, which contribute to aroma and flavor of products, was controlled by regulating expression level of IAH1 gene encoding brewery yeast esterase Iah1p, particularly nonScIAH1 gene specific to lager brewing yeast, and to a method for producing alcoholic beverages with the yeast 
The present invention is directed towards the synthesis of novel and new chloropyridine skeleton based compounds and these are Bayllis Hillman adducts having a remarkable in vitro anti-malarial activity. 
These compounds have been found to possess anti-malarial activity against chloroquine sensitive and chloroquine resistant Plasmodium falciparum. 
The anti-malarial compounds of the present invention inhibit the mature schizonts in vitro 
An image capture system for a digital holographic printer is disclosed comprising a digital camera (22) having a relatively small horizontal field of view (29). 
The camera (22) is translated along a rail (21). 
As the camera (22) is translated along the rail (21) the camera (22) is also rotated so that it faces a target point of an object which is to be reproduced as an hologram. 
The image data which is obtained by the camera (22) is converted into image data which corresponds with image data which would have been obtained had a non-rotating camera having a substantially higher horizontal field of view been translated along the rail (21) and been used to capture images of the object 
The invention concerns a device for fixing a motor vehicle element on the vehicle engine comprising at least one bracket (8), at least one bracket (8) being provided with means for fixing (12) the element (7) on said bracket (8), and at least one bracket (8) having a support surface (9) adapted to receive the element (7) of the vehicle, at least one of said brackets is an integrated bracket (8) forming part of the engine housing (1) and projecting outside one side (1a, 1c) of the housing. The invention is characterized in that the bracket (8) has a U-shaped groove designed to receive a bearing (7) 
The invention concerns a device comprising: a male member (11) secured to a first element (3) among the instrument panel and the body shell, and a female member (12) connecting the second element (1) among the instrument panel and the body shell, and designed to receive said male member (11) in mutual engagement along an engagement axis (X). 
The female member (12) comprises automatically triggering means (33, 35, 37, 40) for clamping in a transverse direction (Y) activated by the engagement of the male member (11) in the female member (12) on a range of relative axial positions 
The present invention relates to a low-vibration tool holder (1) with a tool holder base body (2, 3, 4, 6) and a tensioning arrangement (5) which provides axial tensioning of the tool holder base body (2, 3, 4, 6) and which is simultaneously tensioned in a radially flexible way with respect to the tool holder base body (2, 3, 4, 6). 
This tool holder (1) is less susceptible to vibration than previously known tool holders, which ensures better true running even during operation and in particular when heat-induced expansion of materials occurs, since the clamping arrangement (5) which is integrated in the tool holder (1) is continuously centred with respect to the tool holder base body (2, 3, 4, 6). Furthermore, such a tool holder (1), in particular within a modular design, can be adapted very flexibly to different types of tools and workpiece machining processes 
2. The invention relates to a method and to a device for producing fastening elements, such as, for example, adhesive closure parts (44), comprising a carrier material (32) and a plurality of pin elements (18) which project from at least one side of the carrier material (32). 
Because an electrical high voltage field is generated between a delivery device (10) for the pin elements (18) and the carrier material (32), along the field lines of which high voltage field the pin elements (18) are transported in a predeterminable quantity from the delivery device (10) to the carrier material (32), and because it is possible for the carrier material (32) has such a consistency that the pin elements (18) intrude into the carrier material (32) by one of their ends and are fastened there, means that fastening elements to be obtained in a cost-effective manner and at high rates of production 
A connecting device (1) for the shear-force connection of concrete components (20), in particular prefabricated concrete components, comprises: an elongate protective box (2) for fitting in an end face (20') of the components (20), which comprises a bottom (5) and at least two side walls (6) extending in a longitudinal direction of the bottom; at least one flexible reinforcing loop element (3) which can be accommodated in the protective box (2) and can be moved out of the latter; characterized in that the bottom (5) has a bottom profiling with groups of bottom projections (7) and bottom depressions (7') alternating in the longitudinal direction, wherein each group has at least one bottom projection (7) or at least one bottom depression (7') 
The present invention refers to self-service sales counters used in commercial establishments that allow the customers themselves to check out their purchases and make the corresponding payment without requiring the intervention of an attendant, said sales counters comprising a first (20) and a second (30) self-checkout stations, placed in parallel to one another along a full-length partition (61), said sales counters comprising a first commercial automation module (63) associated to the first self-checkout station (20), a second commercial automation module (64) associated to the second self-checkout station (30) and a banking automation module (65) shared by both stations, wherein the control of each of said modules is performed by a specific independent program. 
The method for conducting transactions comprises the identification of each item of merchandise (41) by means of scanning of its respective identification code as well as weighing the item by means of a bioptical scanning scale (40), checking the authenticity thereof (45) by comparing this weight with the weight of the identified item as stored in a memory means, and checking the weight of the items of merchandise placed on a packaging platform or counter against the sum total of the weights of the already identified items (47). 
A hand-held barcode scanner (56) is used to identify bulky items, in which case no weight checking is performed. 
A list of already processed items is shown in a display, and the user may eliminate any items from said list if so wished 
Triazole derivatives and pharmaceutical compositions containing the derivatives are disclosed as being useful in inhibiting the activity of the receptor protein tyrosine kinase Axl. 
Methods of using the derivatives in treating diseases or conditions associated with Axl catalytic activity are also disclosed 
Method and apparatus for implementing LDPC codes in an EBEE 802.11 standard system configured to operate in a Multiple-Input, Multiple-Output (MIMO) schema. 
A method in accordance with the present invention comprises defining a base LDPC code, having a length equal to an integer number of data carriers in an ODFM symbol, transmitting the base LDPC code over a plurality of sub-carriers, wherein the base code is transmitted at an expected phase on sub-carriers specified by the IEEE 802.11 standard system, and transmitting the base LDPC code on other sub-carriers than those specified by the IEEE 802.11 standard system, wherein the base LDPC code on the other sub-carriers is transmit offset in phase from the base LDPC code on the specified sub-carriers 
A load sensing bearing assembly 100 comprises a bearing outer race or cup 102 secured to an application structure 106 by a flange assembly 104 incorporating a plurality of anisotropic spring regions 112 which enable a limited range of displacement and/or rotation of the bearing outer race or cup 102 relative to the application structure 106 in response to applied forces or moments. 
A set of sensor modules 116 disposed through the bearing outer race or cup 102 and flange assembly 104 acquire measurements from which the radial forces, thrust forces, and tilting moments exerted on the bearing outer race or cup 102 can be determined 
GUI presentation in a home network is improved by using a video encoding tailored for GUI, while using normal video encoding for video presentation. 
Also, GUI command response time is shortened by reserving, for transmission of commands originated by a user input device (12), a time slot in a contention free period (CFP) of a transmission cycle between a client device (14) receiving the commands and a server (2) executing them 
A selective call radio (100) has a radio frequency transceiver (102), and a processor (104) for controlling operations of the transceiver. 
The processor is programmed to cause (202) the transceiver to receive a third party call while the SCR is actively engaged in an end user call, and respond (203) to the third party call according to a call response profile defined by an end user of the SCR 
The invention provides venous valve prostheses design and method of fabrication useful for replacement of venous valves in the treatment of patients. 
The venous valve prostheses of the invention comprise at least one integrally formed valve with a proximal converging nozzle and/or a distal diverging nozzle to maintain a proper blood flow rate through the valve 
A flexible section (56) is provided between a small-diameter tube section (32) and a bellows section (42) of a boot (28) for a joint, and the flexible section (56) has a greater flexibility than the small-diameter tube section (32). 
When a spline shaft (24) is displaced so as to incline relative to a constant velocity joint (3), deformation stress acting in the boot (28) is relaxed by allowing the flexible section (56) to deflect (bend). 
This inhibits the inner wall surface of the small-diameter tube section (32) from separating from the sidewall surface of the spline shaft (24) 
A two-axis hinge device in which a first housing and a second housing that are joined by a hinge can be opened into varied states and the degree of freedom of the rotation angle of the first housing and the second housing when they are rotated is increased. 
Two open/close shafts (10, 11) are placed to join the first housing and the second housing in an openable/closable manner. 
A torque unit is formed such that fixed cams (16, 18) and rotating cams (15, 19) inserted in the open/close shafts (10, 11) are in contact with each other at contact cam surfaces to generate sliding friction torque or click torque when the open/close shafts (10, 11) are rotated. 
A hinge is formed such that two or more torque units are independently provided at both ends of a spring (17) inserted in one of the open/close shafts (10 or 11). 
The rotating cams (15, 19) are formed as one joined part and assembled to both open/close shafts (10, 11). 
Thus a two-axis hinge device where two single axis hinge are integrated in a parallelly arranged manner is formed 
Disclosed is a technique for direct plating which causes no precipitation of a metal on the jig coating. 
A catalyst attachment-enhancing agent comprising a polymeric compound having primary, secondary and tertiary amino groups as an active ingredient; and a method for direct electroplating onto a Pd/Sn colloid catalyst which has been subjected to a conductive treatment, the method comprising the step of, prior to the attachment of the Pd/Sn colloid catalyst to a non-conductive material, treating the non-conductive material with a catalyst attachment-enhancing agent which comprises a polymeric compound having primary, secondary and tertiary amino groups as an active ingredient 
An inverter device includes a switching circuit having a plurality of series circuits, each having an IGBT at the upstream side and a MOSFET at the downstream side along the voltage application direction. 
A connection point between the IGBT and the MOSFET in these series circuits is connected to a load. 
A multi-phase electric communication for turning ON/OFF the IGBT of at least one series circuit and turning ON the MOSFET of another at least one series circuit among the series circuits is successively switched 
An AV data transmission device transmits AV data to another device. 
The AV data transmission device includes recording means for recording the AV data, AV data transmission means for transmitting the AV data recorded by the recording medium, to the another device, report reception means for receiving a success report indicating that the AV data has been successfully recorded from the another device, control means for deleting or invalidating the AV data recorded by the recording medium when the report reception means has received the success report, and response transmission means for transmitting the report response indicating the processing result of the control means to the another device 
The present invention relates to controlled release oral dosage forms of galantamine or acceptable salts thereof and processes for the preparation thereof 
The present invention relates to a method for coating a metal powder, comprising the following method step: coating the individual particles (P) of a metal powder with a layer (S), wherein chemical phase deposition, in particular a plasma source, is used for the coating of the individual particles (P) 
The invention relates to an electric shift unit for a motor vehicle, comprising a shift lever and an electric actuator, which can activate or deactivate a shift lock for the shift lever. 
The advantage of the novel shift unit over known units is that the actuating path of the shift lever can be limited by the control of a single actuator and the mechanical means that are used for this purpose are simple, robust and cost-effective. 
To obtain this advantage, a slide bar with at least two sections can be linearly displaced perpendicularly to at least one deflection direction of the shift lever, said slide bar being positioned by means of the electric actuator in such a way that each of its sections lies in the deflection direction of the shift lever, enabling the deflection of the shift lever to be restricted to differing extents 
An electrical actuator comprising a housing of plastic with a reversible low voltage motor (2) , electrical equipment for controlling and supplying the motor with power, where the electrical equipment (19,15) is enclosed in an enclosure (20) of fire resistant material. 
By this the housing (1) can be designed according to strength, hygiene and sealing, while fire prevention as a result of defect in the electrical equipment can be limited to the separate enclosure 
The invention relates to a device for separating a gas-liquid mixture, in which the liquid portion exists in the form of small particles, especially for ventilating a crankcase of an internal combustion engine, by separating and coagulating the liquid particles on a target area. The liquid mixture, after acceleration in acceleration openings provided for this purpose, impacts the target area at an approximately right angle. 
The aim of the invention is to improve the aforementioned device in such a manner that it allows as high a degree of separation as possible for different sized volume flows of mixtures. 
For this purpose, the number and/or the cross-sections of the acceleration openings (5, 6) is varied, depending on the volume flow of mixtures, between a small complete cross-section for a low volume flow and a large complete cross-section for a large volume flow 
A wearable device (10) has an internal rechargeable power source (112) for supplying power to internal circuitry of the device. 
An external rechargeable battery pack (30) is physically and electrically interfaced to the wearable device and provides power to recharge the internal rechargeable power source while the device is being worn, thereby eliminating the need to connect the wearable device directly to a source of electricity using wires. 
The rechargeable battery pack is recharged in a charging station (68) connected to a source of electricity 
A moisture permeable polyester-based elastomer film that has been subjected to a stretching treatment and has a tension set of not more than about 10 percent when elongated by 50 percent is provided. 
A process for the manufacture of the moisture permeable polyester-based elastomer film is disclosed. 
A moisture permeable waterproof fabric comprising a the polyester-based elastomer film laminated to a fiber fabric is further provided 
A tilter system for a window blind permits the slats of the blind to be tilted open or closed in a number of different configurations depending on the routing of tilt cables or actuator cords 
A method for gravel packing or frac packing in a borehole includes running a workstring to a target location, running an optic fiber to the location with the workstring and monitoring the target location with the optic fiber. 
A method for monitoring at least one parameter at a plurality of discrete locations at a gravel packing or frac packing location in a borehole including running a workstring to the gravel packing or frac packing location running an optic fiber to the gravel packing or frac packing location along with the workstring and monitoring the gravel packing or frac packing location at a plurality of discrete points along the gravel packing or frac packing location 
Disclosed are amorphous solid dispersion formulations comprising 7-chloro-N,N,5-trimethyl-4-oxo-3-phenyl-3,5-dihydro-4H-pyridazino[4,5-b]indole-1-acetamide 
A method and a machine readable storage for handling failures during security exchanges between a station (125) having a wireless network adapter (130) and a first access point (110) of a wireless local area network (WLAN) (105). 
As part of a WLAN association process, the method can include transmitting from the station to the first access point a message including a station identifier (170). 
A first protocol exchange timer (180) also can be started. 
Responsive to a timeout of the first protocol exchange timer, an association retry counter can be incremented. 
The WLAN association process can be restarted if the association retry counter is not greater than a retry counter threshold. 
If the association retry counter is greater than the retry counter threshold, the wireless network adapter can be commanded to enter sleep mode 
A radiant burner (10) and optional heat exchanger (90) arrangement where the radiant burner (10) has a generally enclosed cavity (24) defined, at least in part, by fuel gas impermeable surroundings (12,14) and a lower surface (62) of fuel gas permeable burner element (60), wherein cavity (12) preferably has two opening (16a,16b) exposed to an oxidizer source. 
Sealingly coupled to openings (16a,16b) are mix tubes (50a,50b), each having respective first ends (52a,52b) and second ends (54a,54b), wherein first ends (52a,52b) occupy openings (16a, 16b) and second ends (54a, 54b) extend into and are exposed to cavity (12). 
Fuel gas injectors (48a,48b), which during use are in fluid communication with fuel gas (100), are positioned to introduce fuel gas into mix tubes (50a,50b). 
Pre-combustion gasses migrate to upper surface (64) and are available for ignition. 
A thermal fuel flow interrupt may be positioned between fuel gas (100) and gas injectors (48a,48b) to isolate the fuel gas in the event of an overheat malfunction. 
Because burner (60) functions as a radiant body, increased thermal transfer efficiency over the prior art can be achieved by exploiting this fact, such as by creating a dedicated heat exchanger arrangement (90) for containers (70) placed on or proximate to burner (60). 
Exposed surfaces (80,82,84) are established to exploit the relative slow velocity of heated combustion gasses, thereby increasing heat transfer flux into container (70) 
Commercial size of spending wallet ("CSoSW") is the total business spend of a business including cash but excluding bartered items. 
Commercial share of wallet ("CSoW") is the portion of the spending wallet that is captured by a particular financial company. 
A modeling approach utilizes various data sources to provide outputs that describe a company's spend capacity. 
The spend capacity can then be used to provide ratings and/or valuations of the company for various uses 
A method and a system for enabling an enhanced operating mode of a mobile communication device (102) are disclosed. 
The method includes receiving (502) an authorization message from an authority (104) that is capable of communicating wirelessly with the mobile communication device. The authorization message is then checked (504) for authenticity of the authority. On authentication of the authorization message, the enhanced operating mode of the mobile communication device is enabled (506), allowing communication between the authority and the mobile communication device, even in emergencies 
The electrically variable transmission family of the present invention provides low-content, low-cost electrically variable transmission mechanisms including first, second and third differential gear sets, a battery, two electric machines serving interchangeably as motors or generators, and up to five selectable torque-transfer devices. 
The selectable torque transfer devices are engaged singly or combinations of two to yield an EVT with a continuously variable range of speeds (including reverse) and up to four mechanically fixed forward speed ratios. 
The torque transfer devices and the first and second motor/generators are operable to provide five operating modes in the electrically variable transmission, including battery reverse mode, EVT reverse mode, reverse and forward launch modes, continuously variable transmission range mode, and fixed ratio mode 
The present invention provides a composition comprising ziprasidone useful in the treatment and prevention of schizophrenia and similar psychiatric disorders. 
In one embodiment, the composition comprises nanoparticulate particles comprising ziprasidone and at least one surface stabilizer. 
The nanoparticulate particles have an effective average particle size of less than about 2000 nm. 
In another embodiment, the composition comprises a modified release composition that, upon administration to a patient, delivers ziprasidone in a bimodal, multimodal or continuous manner. 
The invention also relates to dosage forms containing such compositions, and to methods for the treatment and prevention of schizophrenia and similar psychiatric disorders 
A casing for a portable, battery-powered device has a battery compartment for receiving one or more batteries. 
The casing includes a case defining the battery compartment, and an opening to permit access to the battery compartment. 
A door is pivotally attached to the case and is manually pivotable from a closed position in which it covers the opening, to an open position permitting access to the battery compartment. 
An overmolded layer is molded over at least a portion of the exterior surface of the case. 
The overmolded layer surrounding the opening, and provides sealing of said battery compartment opening in conjunction with said door 
An improved carbonated protein beverage/drink composition which provides a relatively high protein content, ranging from about 2 % by weight to about 15 % by weight, while simultaneously employing a carbonation concentration between about 0.1 volumes of carbonation (per volume of liquid drink solution or liquid drink suspension) to about 4 volumes of carbonation. 
Preferably the protein is whey protein. 
The carbonated protein beverage may contain an additive which provides energy generation enhancement. 
The carbonated protein beverage has been heat treated to inactivate microbes in the presence of the carbonation. 
Typically, the treatment for microbe inactivation is carried out in the individual package used for storage and handling of the carbonated protein drink 
Moisture of the skin, skin lipid balance and skin smoothness can be improved by administering an oral composition containing, as active ingredients, proteins and/or protein hydrolysates wherein the total proteins and hydrolysates contain at least 2 wt.% of cysteine residues. 
Preferably, the hydrolysates have an average molecular weight of between 200 and 4000 Dalton. 
The composition is administered in such an amount that between 25 and 500 mg of cysteine per day is supplied 
A communication cable includes a separator prepared in the cable for preventing alien crosstalk, and at least one spacer integrally formed with the separator at a side of the separator contacting with an outside jacket. 
The spacer forms a protrusion protruded out on the cable, and this protrusion makes the transmission wires in the cable be spaced apart from adjacent cables. 
Thus, alien crosstalk generated due to proximity of other cables during high frequency signal transmission may be prevented 
A magnetic display apparatus comprising a playing surface (19), a plurality of magnetic field emitting elements (72) adapted to generate a spatially varying magnetic field across the surface and one or more moveable objects (15, 17) , adapted to sense and react to magnetic field levels across the surface (19) 
The invention provides a method, system, network elements and computer programs, for providing service control. 
A Policy and Charging Rules Function, PCRF, sends rules for service control not only to a gateway and but also to another network element such as a home agent, upon request, e.g. when a user equipment is registering to the network. 
The home agent preferably is a home agent of a Mobile Internet Protocol, IP, network 
The invention relates to a communications system (1) with a first communications network (10), a second communications network (20) with at least one communications terminal (UE), an interface computer (11), which is coupled to the first communications network (10) for mapping a data stream between the at least one communications terminal (UE) and the first communications network (10), at least one control node (KK) in the first communications network (10) for controlling the data stream between the interface computer (11) and the communications terminal (UE), at least one network node (AF, GGSN), which provides the control node (KK) with information relating to the communications terminal (UE) that allows it to exercise its control function, and at least one switching node (VK), which determines the control node (KK) associated with the communications terminal (UE) concerned so that the information prepared by the at least one network node (AF, GGSN) can be transmitted to the control node (KK) 
Vulcanizable composition comprising diene-based thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU) with uncured rubbery polymer from natural or/and synthetic rubber, cured compositions and articles prepared by curing the said vulcanizable composition. 
Examples of resulting vulcanized rubber articles are: tire, hose, belt, roller, shoe sole or rubber-fabric composite 
The invention relates to a hand saw with a handle (3) for handling the hand saw and a saw blade that is connected to the handle and that has a toothed cutting edge (11). 
The handle comprises a handle part (5) to be encircled by the hand of a user, thereby applying a handling force. The handle part determines a direction of force application (K) in which the applied handling force is passed into the saw blade. 
When the hand saw is advanced, the direction of force application intersects the cutting edge in the area of a first quarter length of the cutting edge next to the handle or in the area of an imaginary extension of the cutting edge into the handle 
A process for the formation of a capping layer on a conducting interconnect for a semiconductor device is provided, the process comprising the steps of: (a)providing one or more conductors in a dielectric layer, and (b) depositing a capping layer on an upper surface of at least some of the one or more conductors, characterised in that the process further includes: (c) the step of, prior to depositing the capping layer, reacting the dielectric layer with an organic compound in a liquid phase, the said organic compound having the following general formula: (I) where X is a functional group, R is an organic group or a organosiloxane group, Y1 is either a functional group or an organic group or organosiloxane group, and Y2 is either a functional group or an organic group or organosiloxane group, and where the functional group(s) is / are independently selected from the following: NH2, a secondary amine, a tertiary amine, acetamide, trifluoroacetamide, imidazole, urea, OH, an alkyoxy, acryloxy, acetate, SH, an alkylthiol, sulfonate, methanosulfonate, and cyanide, and salts thereof. 
Motion capturing markers coupled to at least one motion capture object, comprising: generating a plurality of Configurations, each Configuration including partitioning parameters; partitioning a motion capture beat into beat partitions using the plurality of Configurations; reconstructing the beat partitions, wherein each beat partition is reconstructed using each Configuration and corresponding motion capture camera calibration information to generate point data representing a marker; and merging the point data to form at least one master point file 
The present disclosure is directed to a device for locating a fistula. 
The device can include a first tine and a second tine each having a distal end and a proximal end with the first tine spaced a distance from the second tine sufficient for allowing a section of a fistula to fit therebetween. 
A compression member can be placed adjacent to the first tine and the second tine such that the compression member externally compresses and temporarily occludes a fistula thereby increasing blood pressure in a section of a fistula located between the first tine and the second tine 
Techniques for watermarking and distributing are provided. 
Content is broken into frames, each frame includes a watermark. 
Resources request the content and each frame of each resource's acquired version of the content includes a watermark. 
The frames of each resource's acquired version of the content form unique watermark sequences or unique keys. 
Each watermark sequence or key is uniquely associated with a particular resource. 
Each resource is also provided one or more delivery plans for acquiring that resource's uniquely watermark and sequenced version of the content over the network 
The present invention provides thermostable polypeptides related to Arabidopsis Rubisco Activase polypeptides. 
Nucleic acids encoding the polypeptides of the invention are also provided. 
Methods for using the polypeptides and nuclei acids of the invention to enhance resistance of plants to heat stress are encompassed 
The invention provides compositions for blow molding applications and other applications, where such compositions comprise a high density ethylene polymer and a high molecular weight ethylene polymer. 
In these compositions, the high density ethylene polymer has a density greater than the density of the high molecular weight ethylene polymer, and the high molecular weight ethylene polymer has a weight average molecular weight greater than the weight average molecular weight of the high density ethylene polymer, and in addition, the high density ethylene polymer has a density from 0.94 g/cm<SUP>3</SUP> to 0.98 g/cm<SUP>3</SUP> , and a molecular weight distribution, Mw/Mn, greater than 8, and the high molecular weight ethylene polymer has a weight average molecular weight greater than 200,000 g/mole, and a molecular weight ratio, Mz/Mw, less than 5 
The invention provides a method of lubricating containing: (a) employing a first functional fluid, (b) adding or contacting the first functional fluid with a controlled release gel wherein the controlled release gel has the desired additives to be released imparting the desired properties into the first functional fluid which is for lubricating a mechanical device; and/or adding a delivery system with the desired additives for a second functional fluid; (c) releasing the desired additives from the delivery system into the first functional fluid resulting in the first functional fluid changing into a second functional fluid, with the proviso that the second functional fluid is different from the first functional fluid 
One embodiment of a field coverage configurable passive infrared radiation intrusion detection device comprises a plurality of passive infrared radiation sensors. 
The device also has an optical element for gathering infrared radiation from different portions of a field and for focusing said infrared radiation onto said plurality of passive infrared radiation sensors. 
An electrical activation/deactivation circuit receives the output of each passive infrared radiation sensor and selectively activates/deactivates one or more of the plurality of passive infrared radiation sensor outputs thereby configuring the portions of the field covered by the passive infrared intrusion detection device. 
In another embodiment of a field coverage configurable passive infrared radiation intrusion detection device, the height coverage of the device is adjustable in the field. 
The device comprises a passive infrared radiation sensor, and an optical element spaced apart from the passive infrared radiation sensor by a separation distance, for focusing infrared radiation from a field at a height distance from the optical element. 
The device further comprises means for changing the separation distance, thereby changing the height distance of the optical element from the field 
A method of providing a packetized data transmission service to a mobile terminal (108) in a spread spectrum communication network (100), includes: at a transmitter (102), broadcasting an indication message to a cell on a downlink broadcast channel(114), the indication message providing notification of an available packetized data transmission service intended for the mobile terminal (108); at the mobile terminal (108), monitoring the broadcast channel (114) for the indication message, and upon receipt, acknowledging detection of the indication message to the transmitter (102) on an uplink contention channel (116); and at the transmitter (102), upon contention completion, transmitting packetized data transmission service configuration information to the mobile terminal (108) on the broadcast channel (114) 
A dye transfer inhibitor which contains a polymer comprising vinyllactam units. 
The inhibitor produces the high effect of preventing dye transfer during cleaning. 
In particular, it can produce the excellent effect of preventing dye transfer even in the presence of an anionic surfactant, although anionic surfactants have been widely used in washing detergents and it has been difficult to produce a dye transfer-preventing effect with the surfactants. 
Also provided is a detergent composition containing the dye transfer inhibitor. 
The dye transfer inhibitor contains a polymer comprising 90 mass% or more vinyllactam units and having a K value of 28 or lower. 
The dye transfer inhibitor further contains a chain-transfer agent having an acid group 
A plasma display panel (1) is provided with a plurality of cells (5) arranged in rows and columns. 
In each cell (5), a row electrode (12) and a column electrode (21) cross each other. 
At least the row electrode (12) or the column electrode (21) is composed of metal, a semiconductor layer (27) is arranged between the metal electrode and the electrode crossing the metal electrode, and the semiconductor layer (27) is brought into contact with the metal electrode. 
In each cell (5), the metal electrode and the semiconductor layer (27) form a Schottky barrier diode (41). 
The Schottky barrier diode (41) functions as an optical sensor or a temperature sensor 
A novel electrical resistance heating weave (10) is disclosed. 
By one embodiment both warp threads (12) and weft threads (14) are electrically-conductive, thereby establishing a heating weave with an increased capacity for heat dissipation. 
Also disclosed are configurations (900, 1000) for adjusting the base heat dissipation of the weave via cuts and slits (902, 1002. 
1004) in the weave, and conductive electrical feed strips (104, 106, 110, 112, 120, 122) in various configurations for powering bi-directional power and for trimming adjustment to compensate for minor variations in thread resistance 
The invention relates to a storage cabinet comprising an automatic electronic-label-reading means and to a computer system comprising same. The inventive cabinet (100) consists of: at least one antenna (110) on at least one wall (105), said antenna comprising at least two coplanar loops, whereby current flows through at least one of said loops in a clockwise direction and, simultaneously, current flows through at least one other loop in an anti-clockwise direction; a circuit (115) for generating signals emitted by each antenna, in order to generate an electromagnetic field; and a circuit (115) for receiving signals that modulate the magnetic field. 
The cabinet preferably comprises products which are equipped with electronic labels and paper labels, the electronic label being provided on the face of the product opposite another face bearing a paper label. 
In addition, the cabinet preferably comprises at least one opening and the above-mentioned circuit for generating signals emitted by the antennas depends on the closure of said opening in order to read the electronic labels after at least a pre-determined period of time has elapsed following closure. 
The invention relates to coating masses for planar components, hybrids and SMD components, containing at least one binder or binder mixture, which may be hardened at 60 °C - 120 °C, preferably 70 °C - 110 °C, in particular 80 °C - 90 °C a method for production and use thereof for planar components in electronics, hybrids, SMD components and assembled circuit boards 
Disclosed is an electromotive single-purpose or universal food processor comprising at least one tool (17, 18) for processing food such as dough, at least one tool coupling (15, 16) for joining the tool (17, 18) to the kitchen appliance (1), a mechanism (63) for driving the tool (17, 18), and a dough deflector (62) on the tool coupling (15, 16) to protect the driving mechanism (63) from contact with foreign substances, especially the food. 
Said dough deflector (62) is embodied as an especially axially symmetrical sealing membrane (64). 
The inventive kitchen appliance is characterized by particularly great reliability during operation 
The invention relates to a method for producing moulded foam elements from pre-foamed foam particles in a mould under pressure, said moulded foam elements having a polymer coating that comprises an amphiphilic or hydrophobic organic compound. 
The invention also relates to moulded foam elements produced therefrom and their use 
A device for the machine picking and manipulating of supply pieces is disclosed, provided with a common picking region for support plates (2) with and without supply pieces and said support plates (2) may be allocated to a removal device (8) by means of a height adjustment 
The invention relates to a method and a communications system for determining the position of a communications device (KE1, KE2). 
To this end, an acoustic signal (SIG), which is modulated with an item of transmitter information (KZ_SS2,KZ_SS3,KZ_SS5), is transmitted by a localized acoustic transmitter (SS1,SS2,SS3,SS4,SS5). 
The communications device (KE1, KE2) receives the transmitted acoustic signal (SIG) and extracts the item of transmitter information (KZ_SS2,KZ_SS3,KZ_SS5) therefrom. 
An item of position information (ELIN3, ELIN5) is derived based on the extracted item of transmitter information (KZ_SS2,KZ_SS3,KZ_SS5) and is assigned to the communications device (KE1, KE2) 
The invention relates to A bi-axially stretched breathable film comprising a polymeric mixture, said polymeric mixture comprising based on the total weight of the polymeric mixture/ - at least 50% of at least one polyether block copolymer; and - from 0.5 to less than 50 % of at least one polyester. 
The invention also relates to a method to manufacture said film, and uses of said film. 
The invention also relates to a method for producing a bi-axially stretched breathable film comprising at least one polyether block copolymer 
The invention relates to a device for securing at least one support pole (16) to a vehicle roof (1). Said device comprises a securing rail (4) which can be secured to the support pole (16), and a covering (20). 
The aim of the invention is to provide a device which simplifies securing the support pole. 
For this purpose, the covering (20) comprises an assembly access gap (26) for securing the support pole (16) to the securing rail (4), said gap extending along the securing rail (4) and being closed by a gap covering element (30) 
The invention relates to a method and to an arrangement for non-destructive testing of materials, in particular, non-metallic workpieces. 
According to the invention, a high-frequency emitter signal in the frequency range of the eddy-current defectoscopy is transformed into a signal in the frequency range of the microwave defectoscopy, in a first step and then said signal is guided to a workpiece which is to be examined and subsequently, the signal reflected by the workpiece or transmitted through the workpiece is detected and said signal which is modified by the properties of the workpiece in characteristic parameters is transformed to a frequency in the frequency range of the eddy-current defectoscopy and finally guided to an eddy-current device for display. 
The arrangement for non-destructive testing is connected to an eddy-current device comprising an evaluating and displaying device and a ballast which transforms the frequency of the emitted and/or the reflected signal 
Described herein are compounds, pharmaceutical compositions and methods for treating pathogenic cell populations in a patient. 
The compounds described herein include conjugates of a plurality of cytotoxic drugs and vitamin receptor binding ligands. 
The plurality of drugs may be the same or different. 
Similarly, the vitamin receptor binding ligands may be the same or different. 
The conjugates also include a linker that is formed from one or more spacer linkers, heteroatom linkers, and releasable linkers 
Methods and systems for formatting of optical media used for data or information storage 
A directional sounder emits audible outputs in a first direction. 
Audible outputs in a second direction are canceled. 
Two transducers can be carried in a common housing configured to emit outputs in the first and second directions respectively 
The present invention is directed to the detection and quantification of total PDGFR-ß in body fluids, particularly serial changes of total PDGFR-ß levels in a subject's body fluids. 
Further, the invention is directed to detecting and quantitatiing total PDGFR-ß in conjunction with one or more other proteins, such as, oncoproteins, angiogenic factors, tumor markers, inhibitors, growth factor receptors, metastasis proteins, and tumor suppressors. 
The disclosed methods are diagnostic/prognostic for diseases, and useful to select therapies for patients with diseases, preferably preneoplastic/neoplastic diseases. 
The disclosed methods are particularly useful to monitor the status of a patient's disease, and/or to monitor how a patient is responding to a therapy 
A system that generates an intense hot gas stream is described to etch a polymer on a substrate used in the manufacture of semiconductor and MEMS devices with no surface damage. 
The etching process is particularly useful to remove a polymer from relatively high aspect Height-to-Width and Width-to-Height ratio holes that can include trenches, having relatively large aspect ratios for removal of polymers used in connection with the manufacturing of microstructures 
Trans 
A method of controlling phase on at least one of reflectance and transmission in an optic device. 
The optic device includes a multiple layer stack. 
At least one dimension of a first layer in the stack is varied in at least a first direction. 
At least one dimension of a second layer in the stack is varied in at least a second direction. 
The first direction and the second direction are substantially opposite. 
The stack is maintained at a substantially constant optical thickness 
Disclosed is a method for determining the redox status of a region of interest in an animal tissue. 
The method includes administering a nitroxyl contrast agent to the region of interest, obtaining a magnetic resonance image of the region of interest, determining the amount of reduced nitroxyl contrast agent in the region of interest, and thereby determining the redox status of the region of interest 
This invention provides hand operated portable devices for grasping and manipulation of objects as well as methods of their use 
A safety cover for the fill port of a self-primer pump is structured to improve the seal between the fill port cover and the fill port in the pump casing to thereby control the release of steam from the pump, and includes an improved sealing band between the fill port and fill port cover, an improved fill port cover design and an improved retaining clamp design 
Article of manufacture comprising a substrate and a coating layer. 
The coating layer comprises at least one coating material, and is stably affixed to said substrate to form a stable, coated surface. 
The coated surface has a texture that mimics the topography of mammalian keratinous tissue and demonstrates at least one physical property representative of mammalian keratinous tissue, selected from the group consisting of a total surface energy of from about 15 mJ/m<SUP>2</SUP> to about 50 mJ/m<SUP>2</SUP>, a dispersive component of the surface energy of from about 15 mJ/m<SUP>2</SUP> to about 50 mJ/m<SUP>2</SUP>, a polar component of the total surface energy of from about 1 mJ/m<SUP>2</SUP> to about 14 mJ/m<SUP>2</SUP>, a zeta-potential at a pH of about 5.0 of from about -40 mV to about 30 mV, and combinations thereof 
The present invention provides a process for improving the corrosion resistance of a non-stick coating on a substrate by applying a base coat to the substrate. 
The base coat comprises a liquid composition of heat resistant non-fluoropolymer binder and inorganic filler particles wherein the inorganic particles have an average particle size of no greater than about 2 micrometers. 
The liquid composition is applied to a substrate with a dry film thickness of at least about 10 micrometers, preferably about 10 to about 35 micrometers, and dried to obtain the base coat. 
A non-stick coating is applied over the base coat. 
The heat resistant non-fluoropolymer binder is preferably selected from the group consisting of polyimide (PI), polyamideimide (PAI), polyether sulfone (PES), polyphenylene sulfide (PPS) and a mixture thereof. 
More preferably the non-fluoropolymer binder comprises a polyamideimide having a number average molecular weight of at least about 15,000 
A multi cylinder compressor/expansion engine having a centrally mounted drive shaft. 
A cylinder barrel is mounted on the drive shaft and both the cylinder barrel and the drive shaft rotate about a common axis. 
There is a plurality of cylinders in the cylinder barrel with pistons disposed in each of the cylinders. 
Some of the cylinders are compression cylinders and some of the cylinders are expansion cylinders. 
The compression cylinders discharge a fluid at a first high pressure from the engine. 
The expansion cylinders receive fluid at a second pressure which provides energy to the engine thereby reducing the energy required for the engine to rotate the drive shaft. 
A novel combination of technologies from the fields of coffee roasting and solar- thermal energy collection enables the roasting of coffee beans by means of available solar energy with maximized efficiency. 
A solar receiving plate is provided configured to receive and convert solar radiation to thermal energy for heating a volume of air. 
A roasting chamber is provided configured for receiving and circulating the heated air from the solar plate. 
At least one valve is provided configured to be in at least one of a closed position and an open position for controlling at least one of air inflow and outflow into at least one of said solar receiving plate and said roasting chamber 
A method and device for the treatment of a patient with heart disease and particularly a heart chamber having a myocardial rupture or characteristics of an incipient myocardial rupture. 
The heart chamber is partitioned so as to isolate a non-productive portion having a rupture or a region of an incipient rupture from a productive portion. 
The heart chamber is preferably partitioned with a reinforced membrane which has a pressure receiving surface that defines part of the productive portion of the heart chamber. 
The peripheral base of the reinforced membrane may have an eccentric configuration 
A method is shown for controlling the presence of soluble sulfate ions in a lime slaking operation in which a source of quicklime is combined with slaking water to form calcium hydroxide product. 
A complexing agent is added to either the quicklime or the slaking water which is effective to tie up the soluble sulfate ions otherwise available in solution, whereby the agglomeration of calcium hydroxide product is acceptably controlled 
A Group Equity-Indexed Annuity (GEIA) with a guaranteed minimum equity related return for a set of individuals are provided. 
An algorithm sets a "participation rate" of a GEIA contract as well as the carrier margin, risk and opportunity for recovery. 
The carrier is held accountable to the participation rate produced by the model investment portfolio in the formula and subject to the guaranteed minimum. 
The selection of the participation rate is entirely visible to a GEIA contract-holder. 
A "hedge budget" is based on a formula-driven amortization process that blends old and new money. 
Underlying assets are also managed to a "constant" duration, such as the duration of a bond index selected by the GEIA contract-holder 
PCBs are removed from contaminated media using a treatment system including catalyzed zero-valent metal particles and an organic hydrogen donating solvent. 
This treatment system provides a major benefit of eliminating PCBs in situ. 
The treatment system provides a "paste"-like system that is preferably applied to natural media and ex-situ structures 
A bolt diversion system for use with a conveyor system having a conveyor chain for towing a movable cart. 
The bolt diversion system is used to prevent debris from interfering with operation of the conveyor chain. 
The bolt diversion system includes first and second rails, disposed vertically and spaced from one another so as to define a slot therebetween. 
Lower faces of the rails are disposed close to and in overlapping relationship to upper lateral edges of the chain so as to define a small gap between the first and second rails and the conveyor chain that is smaller than the debris, so that the debris remains in the slot and on top of the conveyor chain. 
The debris is conveyed by the conveyor chain to a debris removal zone in which a wiper arm assembly is provided. 
The wiper arm assembly includes a wiper arm that extends across a top of the conveyor chain. 
The wiper arm knocks debris off of the conveyor chain and into a debris collection container 
A resilient axis damper for providing torque and return characteristics for closing and opening action, respectively, of a cover against a frame which has a skeletal member which is secured to the cover and the frame, and a resilient sleeve secured on the skeletal member in a position to absorb torsion forces as the cover is moved in one direction toward the frame and to release torsion forces as the cover is moved in a second direction opposed to the first direction away from the frame 
Certain 1H-indole-2-carboxylates and -2-carboxamides are HIV reverse transcriptase inhibitors. 
These indole compounds and their pharmaceutically acceptable salts are useful in the inhibition of HIV reverse transcriptase, the prophylaxis and treatment of infection by HIV and in the prophylaxis, delay in the onset, and treatment of AIDS. 
The compounds and their salts can be employed as ingredients in pharmaceutical compositions, optionally in combination with other antivirals, immunomodulators, antibiotics or vaccines 
Liquid curable perfluoropolyether (PFPE) materials are provided for use as coatings, sealants, flexible fillers, and structural parts for a wide variety of medical applications, particularly where silicone has been utilized conventionally. 
The PFPE material is oxygen permeable and bacterial impermeable and may contain one or more pharmacological agents elutably trapped therewithin for delivery within the body of a subject 
Dental composition and methods of use are provided, the compositions comprising a multiacrylate compound, an initiator, and an alcohol, wherein no significant storage odor is detected after storage for a significant period of time 
The invention provides methods for detecting alpha-synuclein. 
The invention also identifies preferred epitopes of alpha synuclein for use in such detection, and provides antibodies specifically binding to such epitopes 
The present invention relates to an arrangement for a selection of a wavelength including a wavelength source for providing a plurality of wavelengths, a wavelength selector for allowing a selection of a desired wavelength from the wavelength source, and a wavelength detector to detect a selected wavelength for subsequent use 
A personal digital assistant (PDA) (10) for use in an industrial environment includes an expansion module (100) arranged to be realisably fixed to a rear face of the PDA (10) and so as to be operatively coupled thereto. 
The expansion module (100) includes an RF aerial (120) therein for use in establishing wireless communication between the PDA (10) and a remote device. 
The aerial is fixed to material forming a shock-resistant casing of the expansion module (100), thereby helping to ensure that the aerial remains in position in the event of the PDA (10) being dropped. 
The aerial (120) is positioned on the PDA (10) such that the aerial tends not to be covered by a user's hand gripping the PDA (10) for operation. 
Thus, the effective operating range of the aerial tends to be maximised. 
The aerial may alternatively be provided in a cap that fits over an expansion slot (130) of the expansion module (100) 
A steel that has been manufactured powder metallurgically and that is characterised by having a chemical composition containing, in % by weight, 1.1-2.3 C+N, 0.1-2.0 Si, 0.1-3.0 Mn, max 20 Cr, 5-20 (Mo+W/2), 0-20 Co, where the total contents of niobium and vanadium (Nb + V) is balanced in relation to the ratio between the contents of niobium and vanadium (Nb/V), such that the contents of these elements and the ratio them between lie within an area that is defined by the coordinates A, B, C in the system of coordinates in Fig. 1, where A: [4.0; 0.55], B: [4.0; 4.0], C: [7.0; 0.55], and no more than 1 % in total of Cu, Ni, Sn, Pb, Ti, Zr, and Al, balance iron and unavoidable impurities from the manufacturing of the steel. 
The invention also relates to tools for hot working or chip removal or cold working, or an advanced machine element manufactured from the steel, as well as a method for the manufacturing of such 
In order to provide lubricant to scissors (1), which is available to the scissors (1) over a long period of time as a deposit in the area of the hinge (2), we recommend that at least one arm (3, 4) be provided with a drain (11), which empties into the slot (9), that the drain (11) border the moving face (10), and that the drain (11) be surrounded by a wall (12). 
The drain (11) can be milled into the arm (3, 4) to thus be filled with lubricant 
A data storage system (1) comprises: an optical disc (2), preferably a CD, a DVD, or a BD, having a storage space (3) for data; a disc drive (10) suitable for writing/reading information to/from the disc (2); and a host device (20) capable of cooperating with the disc drive . 
The disc drive (10) is designed to receive (5) from the host device (20) a write command (WRITE(10); WRITE (12) {SB=0 }; WRITE (12 ) { SB=I }) or a read command (READ(10); READ (12 ) { SB=0 }; READ (12 ) { SB=1}) . 
The disc drive is capable of operating in a normal mode and in at least one enhanced mode, the disc drive being responsive to a mode select command received from the host (20) to set its operative mode to a corresponding one of said modes; wherein, at least when an error occurs during writing, the medium access device acts differently in the enhanced mode as compared to the normal mode 
This invention is related to a method of producing titanium oxide films at low temperatures for photo catalytic and photovoltaic applications. 
The objects of the present invention are: 1)to provide a titanium oxide film at low temperature, on the surface which is modified with dye; 2) to provide a process for producing a titanium oxide film at low temperature, on the surface which is modified with dye; 3)to provide a photo electrochemical cell using a titanium oxide film having a surface which is modified with dye produced at low temperature; 4) to provide a titanium oxide film at low temperature sensitized with dye by adsorbing on the surface and using the same film for photo-catalytic and photo voltaic applications 
The present invention relates to an oil separator for separating oil and/ or oil mist from a gas. 
An optimum separation performance is hereby achieved with normal volume flow of the gas (A) but also in the case of an increased volume flow (A) or a blockage of the oil separator, the ventilation for example of a crankcase is ensured and observance of a maximum pressure loss is ensured. 
For this purpose, two oil separation elements (10a to 10d and 10e to 10h) are disposed one behind the other in the volume flow (A), the spacing of which from each other is variable 
The invention relates to a method and a kit for detection of components of bovine tissue in products of animal origin produced in comminuting conditions, wherein a DNA extract is obtained from a sample of the product, the DNA extract is processed by means of PCR, the primer used in the PCR being designed such as to recognise a bovine-specific sequence with a length of less than 150 nucleotides and a check is carried out on whether an amplification has been carried out with the primer used during the PCR 
A base unit, which is arranged to provide a communications connection between a plurality of fixed communications units (2, 6, 12, 13) and at least one mobile communications unit, such as a headset (10), is arranged to adapt the bandwidth of the communications connection between the fixed communications units (2, 6, 12, 13), which operate at various bandwidths, and the mobile units. 
The fixed communications units may be public switched telephones (2, 3), PC phones (6, 7), PDA units, etc. The invention makes it possible to optimize the sound quality in dependence on which type of fixed communications unit is coupled to the mobile unit, and which task is to be solved. 
In one embodiment, it is possible to lock the bandwidth, e.g. to the lowest bandwidth, irrespective of which fixed communications connection is used 
A vehicular foldable ventilated sun visor is composed of reflective material. 
There are at least four columns of reinforced plates provided on the inner surface of the reflective material. 
The area between the two adjacent reinforced plates is a longitudinal folding area. 
From one side of the reinforced plate, the each two columns of reinforced plates form a ?-shape structure with the longitudinal folding area as the crease. 
And a polarity of continuous ?-shape structures form the ventilated sun visor in the deployed state. 
A longitudinal groove is formed between the two reinforced plates. 
At least one control cable is connected to a junction point on the bottom end of each ?-shape structure from one side of the sun visor to the other 
A method, system and apparatus for implementing traffic engineering in the layer 2 network are provided. 
The method comprises: expanding the network topology collecting protocol of layer 2 network according to the traffic engineering information needed by the traffic engineering; the layer 2 devices collect the traffic engineering information of layer 2 network according to the expanded network topology collecting protocol; calculating and deploying constraint-based routing according to the collected traffic engineering information of layer 2 network. 
The present invention utilizes existing network topology collecting protocol of layer 2 network, so that the layer 2 network devices don't need to support OSPF, ISIS protocol and so on, it is avoided that the OSPF, ISIS protocol etc. consume the resource of layer 2 network devices, the complexity that implementing traffic engineering on the layer 2 network is decreased. 
Moreover, the present invention collects the network traffic engineering information centrally, calculates and deploys the constraint-based routing centrally, so that the traffic engineering's requirement for the layer 2 network devices is decreased 
A roofing shingle (74) includes an asphalt-coated sheet (18) having a tab portion (78) normally exposed on a roof and a headlap portion (76) normally covered-up on a roof. 
The headlap portion has a lower zone (76A) that extends longitudinally between a first end (74A) and a second end (74B) of the roofing shingle adjacent the tab portion, and an upper zone (76B) adjacent the lower zone. 
At least a portion of the asphalt-coated sheet has granules adhered thereto. 
A reinforcement member (19) is adhered to the lower zone of the headlap portion 
There is disclosed a closure comprised of a valve (60) , a base unit (20) and an upper unit (40) . 
The base unit has a base surface (22) with a peripheral skirt. 
The base surface has an aperture (26) with a cylindrical section extending above and below the base surface. 
The cylindrical section has an aperture therethrough. 
The upper unit has an upper surface and an aperture adapted to align with the aperture of the cylindrical section of said base unit. 
The upper unit has a lid (47) to cover the apertures in the base unit cylindrical section and the upper unit. 
A lid inner top surface has two projecting seals (55,57) , one to maintain the valve closed when the lid is closed and the other to provide a seal when the lid is closed, and a latch mechanism attaches the base unit to the upper unit. 
A preferred latch mechanism comprises a projection and an interfitting recess, one being on the base section and the other on the upper section. 
The lid top surface (44) preferably has an essential horizontal top surface. 
In a preferred embodiment the valve is a polymeric valve located in the aperture between the base unit and the upper unit and held in place by contact with both the base unit and the upper unit 
A radiation-sensitive composition includes a radically polymerizable component that comprises carboxy groups, an initiator composition to generate radicals, and a polymeric binder comprising poly(alkylene oxide) segments and optionally pendant cyano groups. 
This composition can be used to prepare imageable elements such as negative-working, on-press developable printing plate precursors 
A heatable vehicle window (e.g., windshield or backlite) has bus bars electrically connected to a heatable coating having one or more heatable conductive layers. 
Electrical connection(s) between at least one bus bar and a corresponding external connector in the heatable window is/are made using a silver inclusive epoxy. 
The use of the silver inclusive epoxy permits a thin substantially uniform electrical connection to be made and permits numerous example advantages to be realized 
The present invention is a container assembly for food and liquids. 
The container assembly has a lid and a base each of which has a series of prongs. 
The prongs of the base and lid interlock to form a continuous seal with high surface area and passages with many bends that together prevent air and bacteria from entering the container assembly and prevent food and liquids from leaking out of the container assembly. 
One or more of the lid prongs has a protrusion that fit into corresponding depressions between the base prongs to urge the rims together and create and maintain the seal. 
In a second embodiment, the outermost prong of the lid also has a protrusion attached to it which locks around the outermost base prong further urging the rims together and further creating and maintaining the seal 
A system (10) and method for cargo handling is provided. 
The system includes transport vehicle (14) including a cargo bay (16) capable of housing a plurality of cargo containers (22) , and a loading dock (12) for coupling to the cargo bay. 
The system also includes at least one railcar (20) and pylons (38) positioned along a floor of the cargo bay. 
A predetermined number of pylons are operable to elevate and lower a cargo container within the cargo bay. 
The present invention also provides a railcar for transporting cargo containers, as well as an apparatus for positioning at least one cargo container within a transport vehicle. 
The present invention also provides a system for aligning a loading dock and a transport vehicle that includes a mechanism for adjusting the height of the transport vehicle or loading dock, or a plurality of engagement members that are capable of aligning the loading dock and transport vehicle 
It is intended to provide a method for producing cercosporamide, characterized by culturing a bacterium belonging to the genus Lachnum and/or a bacterium belonging to the genus Pseudaegerita and collecting cercosporamide from the culture. 
Further, it is intended to provide cercosporamide obtained by the production method. 
Further, it is intended to provide novel microorganisms, Lachnum fuscescens SANK 19096, Lachnum calycioides SANK 12497, Lachnum caesaliatum SANK 10906 and Pseudaegerita websteri SANK 11006 
It is intended to provide a means exerting a prolonged effect of enhancing the production of collagen. 
This object can be achieved by an agent for enhancing collagen production which contains, as the active ingredient, a,a-trehalose and/or a sugar derivative of a,a-trehalose, or a composition for enhancing collagen production which contains the agent for enhancing collagen production as described above 
A balloon (1) to be placed and left in the stomach which is to be placed and left in the stomach (S) in the inflated state, comprising a balloon body (2) being inflatable to a definite size and at least one inner channel (3) that is attached to the balloon body (2) so as to penetrate the balloon body (2) and allows the contents of the stomach (S) to pass therethrough 
[PROBLEMS] To provide an electron beam assisted EEM method that can realize ultraprecision machining of workpieces, including glass ceramic materials, in which at least two component materials different from each other in machining speed in a machining process are present in a refined mixed state and the surface state is not even, to a surface roughness of 0.2 to 0.05 nm RMS. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] The EEM method comprises a working process in which a workpiece and chemically reactive fine particles are allowed to flow along the working face to remove atoms on the working face chemically bonded to the fine particles together with the fine particles through chemical interaction between the fine particles and the working face interface. 
The workpiece comprises at least two component materials present in a refined mixed state and different from each other in machining speed in the machining process. 
After the exposure of the workpiece in its working face to an electron beam to conduct modification so that the machining speed of the surface layer part in the working face is substantially even, ultraprecision smoothening is carried out by working process 
A sealed container such as beverage and food containers having lids sealed by laser beam welding and thermal fusing to impart high applicability to impurities, increase sealability, and increase a joining strength between a container body and a lid. 
The sealed container comprises the container body (1) having a mouth part (9) and the lid (3) causing a deformation therein when it closes the mouth part (9), producing a fitted portion (4) forming a seam in a pressurized state on the container body (1) by a strain stress, and formed of a plastic material. 
The fitted portion (4) is thermally fused 
Method of establishing connections between at least a­first (1) and a second (2) terminal on a communication network (NW), comprising: sending to the second terminal a network signal (SN1) requesting the network availability to establish said connection and a terminal signal (ST1) requesting the availability of the second terminal to run an application exchanging data (DS) between said first and second terminals; receiving at the second terminal (2) the network signal (SN1) and the terminal signal (ST1), sending on the network (NW) a response signal (SR) carrying an information based on the network and terminal signals and assuming a content corresponding to the availability/unavailability of the network (NW) to establish the connection combined the availability/unavailability of the second terminal to run the application 
A process is provided for printing an image on a substrate, the process comprising applying to the substrate an ink composition which comprises a liquid medium and a compound of Formula (1 ); wherein: A and D each independently represent optionally substituted aryl or optionally substituted heteroaryl; E represents optionally substituted pyrazolyl; Z represents H, halogen, nitro, cyano, hydroxy, amino, carboxy, optionally substituted alkyl, optionally substituted alkoxy or optionally substituted aryloxy; and p is an integer from 0 to 5; provided that E does not have an optionally substituted carbonamide group of formula - CONR<SUP>1</SUP>R<SUP>2</SUP> directly attached to it, wherein R<SUP>1</SUP> and R<SUP>2</SUP> each independently represent H, optionally substituted alkyl, optionally substituted cycloalkyl, or optionally substituted aryl. 
The printing is preferably ink jet printing. 
Also provided are compounds of Formula (1 ) and ink compositions containing the same 
The invention relates to a control chip (10) for providing the basic functionality of a control device. Said control chip (10) comprises a supply voltage with at least two, especially three output voltages, at least two, particularly three sensor power supplies, especially with an output voltage of 5 V or 3.3 V, at least one driver for bi-directional interfaces, a CAN driver, a servo control, a main relay output featuring a diagnostic function, at least one bi-directional serial interface for controlling the outputs and communicating with a microcontroller, at least six power outputs, particularly with nominal currents ranging from 0.6 A to 3 A, at least one low-level signal output, especially with nominal currents of 50 mA, and four ignition drivers 
The invention relates to cosmetic preparations containing at least one type of polymer A comprising polymerisable methyl methacrylate, methacrylic acid, acrylic acid and possibly at least one type of compound possibly provided with at least two double radically polymerisable, oleofinically unsaturated bonds and possibly with other oleofinically unsaturated compounds on the condition that the methacrylic acid weight amount is at least equal to the acrylic acid weight amount 
Adhesive tape comprising a spunbonded backing, one-sidedly coated at least partially with a pressure-sensitive adhesive, for thermal welding such as HF welding and ultrasonic welding on a polymeric substrate, the adhesive being based on natural rubber or acrylate and the adhesive incorporating fibres which do not melt in a thermal welding process 
The invention relates to a method for forming an emulsion (1) containing at least one dispersed phase (3) and one continuous phase (2) in a fluid microsystem (100). 
According to said method, flows (4, 5) are formed from different liquids flowing towards a dispersion region (10), and the emulsion (1) is formed from the liquids in the dispersion region (10). 
The flows (4, 5) run through a common channel (20) towards the dispersion region (10) and are located (4, 5) adjacently in relation to a first reference direction, and the emulsion (1) is produced during the flow of the liquids over a cross-sectional extension (11) which is provided in the dispersion region (10) and in which the cross-section of the channel (20) is extended in a second reference direction deviating from the first reference direction. 
The invention also relates to a fluid microsystem for forming an emulsion (1) containing a continuous phase (2) and at least one dispersed phase (3). 
The invention further relates to a fusion of drops in electrical fields 
An audio system installed in a listening space may include a signal processor and a plurality of loudspeakers. 
The audio system may be tuned with an automated audio tuning system to optimize the sound output of the loudspeakers within the listening space. 
The automated audio tuning system may provide automated processing to determine at least one of a plurality of settings, such as channel equalization settings, delay settings, gain settings, crossover settings, bass optimization settings and group equalization settings. 
The settings may be generated by the automated audio tuning system based on an audio response produced by the loudspeakers in the audio system. 
The automated tuning system may generate simulations of the application of settings to the audio response to optimize tuning 
One embodiment of an integrated circuit (30) includes a substrate (38), an electrical device (34) positioned above the substrate, and a bond bad (72) positioned above and aligned along a vertical axis with the electrical device such that the electrical device is positioned between the substrate and the bond pad 
An eye measurement system (10) includes a placido device (12) for obtaining elevation data of a patient's eye. 
A slit beam system (14) obtains pachymetry data of the eye. 
A computer processor (16) connected to the placido device (12) and the slit beam system (14) integrates the elevation data with the pachymetry data to obtain an accurate corneal topography model of the eye 
The invention provides compounds of formula wherein m, R<SUP>1</SUP>, R<SUP>2</SUP> and R<SUP>3</SUP> are as defined in the specification, salts and polymorphic forms thereof, processes for the preparation of the compounds, salts and polymorphs, pharmaceutical compositions containing these compounds, salts and/or polymorphic forms and their use in therapy 
Method for producing a lead (4, I) 1 comprising an elongate con¬ ductor (7) and a helically shaped string (4) of insulator mate- rial coaxially carried by the conductor, which string has axi- ally spaced-apart winding turns, which abut against and along the conductor. 
The string (4) is formed of a tubular blank (1) having a greater inner diameter than the outer diameter of the conductor (7) . 
The tubular blank (1) is cut along a helically shaped path (2) coaxial with the blank. 
The cut blank (1, 2) is threaded coaxially onto the conductor (7) and is axially extended. 
Also, the lead manufactured by the method is claimed 
The present invention relates to methods for aligning an input fingerprint with a reference fingerprint, methods for comparing an input fingerprint with a reference fingerprint, computer program products for aligning an input fingerprint with a reference fingerprint, computer program products for comparing an input fingerprint with a reference fingerprint, devices and systems for aligning an input fingerprint with a reference fingerprint, and devices and systems for comparing an input fingerprint with a reference fingerprint 
The invention relates to advertising. The inventive aromatic advertising stand comprises a visual advertising carrier and is provided with a source of aromatic odours in the form of a tank containing gaseous aromatic substances and/or in the form of a vessel or another reservoir provided with an opening and containing a liquid aromatic substance and/or in the form of a container or a structural element containing a mild or solid aromatic substance. 
The opening embodied in the liquid aromatic substance vessel is used for extracting said substance therefrom. 
Said aromatic advertising stand is provided with an odour-extracting device and/or with a device for diffusing an odour into a space adjacent thereto. 
The odour-extracting device is embodied in the form of devices affecting the aromatic substances in such a way that it makes it possible to increase the volatility thereof, to enhance the odour thereof and to modify an odour until a required odour is obtained or to produce an odour from substances which do not release it under normal conditions. 
The odour-diffusing device is embodied in the form of devices for diffusing an odour in a space adjacent to the aromatic advertising stand. 
An aromatic signal of the advertising stand accompanying a visual image makes it possible to attract attention to visual information or to complement said visual information of the odour information stand, or said aromatic signal is used for forming a certain artistic design of advertising effect in combination with a visual information 
A sipper closure assembly having a folded in retention flange for a nozzle component thereof, the nozzle component being adapted to move to one limit of its reproducible reciprocal movement at which there is an interaction of said folded in flange (or part thereof) on said nozzle component 
An antenna device (10', 10'', 10''', 10'''') for seismic surveys, where the antenna (10 ', 10 ' ' , 10 ' ' ' , 10 ' ' '') , when in the active position, is located by the seabed (2) , and where the antenna (10', 10'', 10' '', 10'''') is coupled to one end portion of at least one feed-out hollow element (12a, 12b) , the opposite end portion of the feed-out hollow element (12a, 12b) being coupled to a fluid supply (14a, 14b, 16) 
The invention relates to techniques for the rapid screening of suitable translational fusion partners (TFPs) capable of inducing secretory production of recombinant proteins, especially proteins that are difficult to produce using conventional recombinant production methods 
The invention relates to a hotplate (2) for a mobile or fixed cooker (6), said hotplate (2) having a sidewall (20) and an upper cooking surface (26) and is provided with a housing (3) made from plastic material or a mixture of plastic materials extending at least partly to the edge of said hotplate, characterised in that said housing (3) cooperates with the cooking surface (26) such that an internal wall (31) of the housing is set back towards the centre of said hotplate (2) with relation to the sidewall (20) of said hotplate 
The invention relates to a double flow screw-spindle pump which is supported at multiple points for feeding single-phase and multi-phase mixtures, having at least one drive spindle (5) and at least one running spindle (7) which in each case have one central bearing (22, 23) and screw-shaped active stacks (9, 20, 24, 25) which are arranged at both sides and engage into one another, with each spindle (5, 7) having slide ring seals (27, 30) which seal off the central bearing 
A memory device comprising a memory array having a plurality of memory cells, and a plurality of peripheral devices for reading data out of and writing data into the memory array, the peripheral devices include a first write driver connected to a first input/output line, the first input/output line being associated with a digitline connected to certain of the plurality of memory cells, a first read amplifier connected to the first input/output line, a first input/output device responsive to a first column select signal for connecting the first input/output line to the digitline, a second write driver connected to a second input/output line, the second input/output line being associated with the digitline, a second read amplifier connected to the second input/output line, and a second input/output device responsive to a second column select signal for connecting the second input/output line to the digitline. 
Heterogeneous oxygen-scavenging particles are formed by dry coating activating component particles onto oxidizable component particles, largely through a succession of mechanical motions. 
The component particles are repeatedly mixed, compressed, and sheared. 
Smaller activating component particles coat the surface of larger oxidizing component particles by force-induced contact, while irregularities are removed by abrasion among the particles. 
The oxygen-scavenging particles can be blended together with a base polymer into a masterbatch having a higher concentration than required for use as an active barrier to oxygen permeation. 
The masterbatch can be diluted with the same or a compatible polymer to form the active barrier 
A method for making acquisition fiber in sheet form that exhibits a low degree of yellowing and is substantially free of burnt-like odor. 
The acquisition fiber may be produced by treating cellulosic fibers in sheet form with a treatment composition solution that includes a cross-linking agent and a modifying agent. 
After the fibers are impregnated with the treatment composition, the fibers are dried and cured, and then treated with an odor removing agent. 
The resultant acquisition fiber may be used in absorbent articles, such as personal care products 
What is disclosed is a head covering comprising various thermal materials, which are accommodated in at least partially overlapping compartments. 
The thermal materials have a thermal capacity which is greater than or equal to that of water. 
Examples of suitable natural materials that are generally available on site for filling the compartments include: water, which may or may not be potable, sand, stones of salt in fine or coarse form 
The present invention provides an anti-tumor agent comprising a human R-spondin including R-spondin1 (GIPF), R-spondin2, R-spondin3 or R-spondin4, or a fragment thereof which has human R-spondin activity as an active ingredient 
An inorganic composition characterized in that it comprises an Al<SUB>2</SUB>O<SUB>3</SUB> ingredient and an R<SUB>2</SUB>O ingredient (wherein R represents at least one member selected among Li, Na, and K), the Al<SUB>2</SUB>O<SUB>3</SUB>/R<SUB>2</SUB>O ratio by mole being 1 or lower, and that when the length of a sample at 25°C is expressed as L<SUB>0</SUB> and the length of the sample at T°C is expressed as L, then the value of da(T)/dT, which is represented by the equation da(T)/dT=(1/L<SUB>0</SUB>)×(d<SUP>2</SUP>L/dT<SUP>2</SUP>), as determined with respect to the temperature T in the range of from -30°C to 70°C is always 0 or higher 
An in vitro method for detecting the presence in a body sample of auto-antibodies for the PDGF receptor suitable for the diagnosis and prognosis of autoimmune diseases, in particular the systemic sclero-is and related diagnostic kits. 
Use of an inhibitor of ROS and/or Ras-ERK1/2 for the preparation of a medicament for therapeutic treatment of autoimmune diseases or of treating the Graft-Versus-Host- Reaction (GVHR). 
Pharmaceutical composition comprising an effective amount of an inhibitor of ROS and/or Ras-ERK1/2, and proper diluents, and /or excipients, and/or adjuvants 
Getter systems are described, comprised of a phase (21, 21 ', 21 ", ...) active in the sorption of gas, inserted in the pores (20, 20', ...) of a porous material (12), which is in turn dispersed in a polymeric means (11) with a low permeability to the gas to be sorbed 
The present invention relates to an herbal laxative formulation containing psyllium husk, semi-purified calcium sennosides and triphala extract and methods for treating constipation by ingesting the formulation of the present invention 
An energy storage device comprising one or more cells, wherein each cell is defined by a pair of electrodes and a separator placed therebetween, wherein each cell is bounded by two current collectors, the geometric form and size of said separator being identical to the form and size of said current collectors, and wherein in each cell, one electrode is printed on one of said two current collectors and the other electrode is printed on one face of the separator, the two electrodes being electronically insulated by means of said separator, and wherein the peripheral region of the separator, which surrounds the electrode printed thereon, is sealed 
A surgical instrument suitable for endoscopic operations having a gripping handle, tubular body and an operational tip. 
Jetting outlets laterally disposed at the operational tip provides for jetting pressurized liquid delivered by the tubular body. 
The jetting outlets are configured as to emit converging jets. 
Two or more jets converge at a convergence point laterally displaced at a predefined distance from the surface of the operational tip. 
The operational tip includes a heating member having an active face for contact heating a bleeding tissue. 
A rotating mechanism provides for independently rotating the jetting outlets and the active surface of the heating member relative to the gripping handle.A method for regulating the operating temperature of the heating member is provided 
A modular bridge that can be comprised of several units, constructed at different site from that in which the modular bridge is designated to be erected. Said modular bridge is later brought to the designated site and is assembled on site quickly in comparison with the standard time frames of bridge construction, thus minimizing the traffic disruption in the site. 
The said modular bridge and the ramps (THE UNITS) WHICH attached to it are such that the weight of the parts and their suitability to the terrain create the stability and adherence to the ground surface 
The object of the invention is a method and apparatus for measuring the elementary composition of wastewaters. 
In the method and the instrument based on the method the flowing solution of uniform flow velocity and suitable electrical conductivity is forced to assume a free-surface stationary flow shape by means of a suitable hydrophilic boundary surface. 
A glow discharge is ignited between a metallic anode disposed at a predetermined distance from the surface of the solution and the solution acting as a cathode, and the intensity of light emitted by the glow discharge is measured at characteristic wavelengths of metals and background emitting components, and the concentration of metals is determined utilizing previously recorded calibration diagrams. 
The invention can also be utilized for measuring the metal content of communal wastewaters in a monitoring regime 
A portable 'surface covering' for mainly outdoor use, in a horizontal or inclined plane, subject to support from the underlying substratum. 
The 'surface covering' has means to maintain its position in loose, unstable, easily penetrated substratum, using tube pegs, 'envelopes', or a down-turned edge or edges/fin or fins; with versions made from a range of materials of various flexibilities/strength. 
The 'surface covering' in one embodiment is smooth, used as a slide, and has versions that can be multi or single lane, various lengths, one piece, or requiring assembly from a plurality of pieces or units, which may overlap other units to create various length slides, hi the inventions pathway/cycleway embodiment each individual unit may also be physically linked at the point of overlap and the surface be of a non-slip nature. 
Fig.12 shows how a representation of the 'surface covering' can be arranged 
The invention relates to drug blisters for powder inhalators. 
The inventive drug blisters contain an inhalable medicated powder. 
Said blisters exhibit a reduced water vapour permeability due to the reduced sealing wax layer 
The invention relates to an electric motor (1), in particular for a textile machine, which can be operated as a generator if the supply voltage fails, comprising a rotor which is configured as the armature of the electric motor (1) and a motor circuit (3) for the phase control of the multiple-phase electric motor (1), which motor circuit (3) comprises a plurality of semiconductor components (4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11), wherein the electric motor (1) can be short-circuited if a predefinable threshold value is passed during generator operation, wherein the short-circuiting if the threshold value is passed can be carried out by actuating one or more of the semiconductor components (4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11) of the motor circuit (3) by way of a signal which represents the operating state 
A monofilament or multifilament, high tenacity, polypropylene, polyethylene, propylene based copolymer, ethylene based copolymer, olefin, or fiberglass core yarn is extruded with a coating comprising a mixture of polypropylene, ethylene octane copolymer to form a monofilament yarn. 
The coating may also include a flame retardant, a pigment, an ultraviolet inhibitor or a lubricant. 
This yarn is inherently recyclable, and possesses none of the ecological and health concerns associated with commonly used polyvinyl chloride (PVC) coated yarns. 
The yarn overcomes the potential health risks, meets flame resistance standards, and ideally replaces PVC products. 
Bonded, woven fabrics employing the yarn are also recyclable, environmentally friendly, and perform as well as fabrics utilizing a PVC coated yarn. 
Such fabric makes an ideal interior window shades, wall coverings, and seating material in typical commercial, residential, or automotive interior applications 
Two regularized estimators that avoid the pathologies associated with variance estimation are disclosed. 
The regularized variance estimator adds a contribution to estimated variance representing the likely error, and hence ameliorates the pathologies of estimating small variances while at the same time allowing more reliable estimates to be balanced in the convex combination estimator. 
The bounded variance estimator employs an upper bound to the variance which avoids estimation pathologies when sampling probabilities are very small 
A non-pixellated segmented display is disclosed. The display comprises a frist electrode having a first pattern, an insulator layer having a second pattern, an electroluminescent layer, and a second unpatterned electrode 
An optical information recording medium comprises: a recording layer capable of recording and reproducing information by irradiation with a laser light; and an image recording layer capable of recording a visible image and containing a dye as a major component 
The present invention provides fragrances and sanitary goods exhibiting a persistent effect of the aroma for a long period of time, and further exhibiting an excellent deodorization effect. 
The present invention is directed to a water absorbing resin composition containing at least one substance selected from the group consisting of cyclodextrin including a fragrant material, a dextrin derivative including a fragrant material, unsaturated aliphatic aldehyde and unsaturated aliphatic alcohol having 6 to 10 carbon atoms, and a polycarboxylic acid type water absorbing resin. 
Preferably, unsaturated aldehyde or unsaturated alcohol selected from hexenal and hexenol may be used 
Disclosed is a simplified method for producing a polysiloxane in which wastes discharged during the production are reduced. 
This method for producing a polysiloxane is characterized in that a mixture of a silicon-containing compound represented by the following average composition formula (A): R<SUP>1</SUP 
Disclosed is a process for producing a sugar chain derivative from a sugar chain mixture, which comprises a step (a) for obtaining a mixture of sugar chain derivatives by introducing a fat-soluble group into a sugar chain in the sugar chain mixture, and a step (b) for processing the mixture of sugar chain derivatives by serotonin affinity column chromatography 
Disclosed is a composite porous membrane comprising a fibrous filler-containing polymer film or sheet having multiple pores, in which each of the pores has a fibrous filler exposed thereon and is formed by irradiation with an ultra-short pulse laser having a pulse duration of 10<SUP>-9</SUP> second or shorter. 
Also disclosed is a polymer electrolyte membrane comprising the composite porous membrane, in which the pores are filled with a polymer electrolyte. 
A highly durable inorganic-organic or organic-organic composite porous membrane can be produced which can be made into a thin film, has a high strength, and can reduce the crossleak amount of a fuel gas. 
By using the composite porous membrane as a solid polymer electrolyte membrane, a fuel cell having improved output voltage and current density can be produced 
Disclosed is a positive electrode active material for nonaqueous electrolyte secondary batteries which is composed of a complex oxide containing M<SUP>1</SUP> and M<SUP>2</SUP> (M<SUP>1</SUP> is one or more elements selected from the group consisting of Li, Na and K, and M<SUP>2</SUP> is one or more elements selected from the group consisting of Ni, Mn, Co, Fe, Ti, V and Cr). 
The primary particles of this complex oxide has an average diameter (DP) of not less than 0.1 µm and less than 3 µm, and the average particle diameter (DS) of the complex oxide is not less than 1 µm and not more than 10 µm. 
In addition, the value of DS/DP is not less than 2 but not more than 30 
A fluid control device (10) is placed in the channel (23) of a microchip or a biochip and transports or pressure-feeds fluid in the channel. 
The fluid control device has optically drivable movable sections (12) and fixed section (11) for rotatably supporting the movable sections. 
The movable sections and the fixed sections are made of a photopolymer of photopolymerizable resin molded in the channel by stereolithography. 
The fixed sections are fixed to a substrate (2) or a channel wall (21) forming the channel, and the movable sections are rotatably supported at respective fixed sections. 
At least one movable section is rotated by remote operation of laser beam (L) irradiation, which causes, in cooperation with a proximate movable section, a variation in the volume of or deformation of the channel, and thus the fluid in the channel is transported or pressure-fed 
A commodity display tool comprising a mounting part (1) installed on a fixed member, a commodity suspending hook member (2) having a bar-like body part (21) vertically rotatably pivoted on the mounting part (1) near its rear end and a locking part (22) bent upward from the tip of the bar-like body part (21), and a lock means (3) constraining the rotation of the hook member (2) at the rear of the pivotally supported position (X) of the hook member (2). 
The locked state of the commodity display device by the lock means (3) provides a commodity display attitude. 
As a result, commodities suspended from the hook members can be advanced by a simple structure without requiring a pressing body and an operation bar 
This invention provides a porous membrane formed of a film or sheet comprising a polymer or an inorganic material. 
The porous membrane is characterized by having a number of pores formed by applying an ultra-short pulse laser having a pulse width of not more than 10<SUP>-9 </SUP>sec at a focal point output of 0.001 to 10 W, the diameter of the pores being 0.1 to 100 µm. 
There is also provided a polymer electrolyte membrane comprising a polymer electrolyte filled into the pore. 
The polymer electrolyte membrane may be brought to a thickness reduced form, has high strength, causes no significant cross-leakage of fuel gas, and is highly durable. 
When this porous membrane is used as a solid polymer electrolyte membrane, a fuel cell having improved output voltage and current density can be provided 
A memory card holder having a flat plate-like holder body where a memory card can be placed and holding the memory card to engage it inside a disk case. 
The holder body has a card placement section where the memory card can be placed, a holding projection provided at a perimeter edge of the card placement section and capable of holding a perimeter edge of the memory card, and a fitting hole capable of fitting on a disk engagement hub that is provided inside a disk case to engage a disk in place. 
The holding projection projects from the surface of the card placement section and has a reverse hook shaped holding claw inside its forward end. 
A circular column body and spokes capable of fitting into the center hole of a hub and a slit, respectively, are arranged inside the fitting hole. 
A cutout for facilitating removal of the memory card is provided at an edge of the holder body. 
Without modification of an existing case structure, the memory card can be received in the disk case along with the disk with the memory card engaged in the case 
A cab structure for a construction machine of the so-called type with a small swing radius at the rear, in which type, in a plan view, the length of projection from a lower traveling body (2) of a rotating table (3) in rotation is equal to or less than a predetermined ratio relative to a rotation radius. 
The structure is capable of achieving sufficient rigidity for a load acting on the structure when the machine topples, and this is achieved without an increase in the number of parts. 
A cab (10) has a cab structure body (20) constructed from left and right front columns (31a, 32b) formed by bending pipe materials into a substantially letter-L shape, left and right rear columns (32a, 32b) formed by rectilinear pipes, and other members. 
The rear end of a beam section (31ab) of the left front column (31a) placed on the left surface side of the cab (10) that includes a circular arc section formed along a rotation raceway of the rotation table (3) and the upper end of the left rear column (32a) are arranged at positions displaced from each other. 
The rear end of the beam section (31ab) of the left front column (31a) and the upper end of the left rear column (32a) thus displaced are joined to each other by a rear end beam (33) 
The present invention relates to a cosmetic treatment method comprising the steps of providing a foamable composition, forming a foam from said foamable composition on release from a pressurized container, drying said foam wherein the foam does not disappear upon drying, wherein said foam is applied or generated between the scalp and the scalp hair and thereby raising the hair. 
Preferred methods are hair styling methods, methods of permanently shaping the hair, methods of coloring hair and hair care methods. 
The dried foam can be used as mechanical support for raising the hair, especially as substitutes for conventional hair curlers, rollers, pins, hair clips or hairgrips. 
The invention also relates to devices for use in said method. 
The devices comprise a composition capable of forming a foam that can be dried; and an aerosol container equipped with a foaming device. 
The composition comprises at least 1% by weight, based on the composition without propellants, of a zwitterionic surfactant or a surfactant mixture comprising at least one zwitterionic surfactant, at least one hair fixing polymer, at least 20% by weight, based on the total composition, of at least one propellant and water. 
Preferred zwitterionic surfactants are surfactants containing a betaine or a sultaine structure 
This system (200), apparatus (300), and method (100) of the present invention provide an analytic way to solve the (input) estimation problem of pharmacokinetic modeling: estimating parameters of a kinetic model from a series of tracer (radioactively labeled imaging agent) activity measurements (e.g. by positron emission tomography). 
Since the model describes a biological process its parameters have a direct functional interpretation (e.g. hypoxia for the tracer FMISO) that can be of diagnostic value. 
The measurements represent the activity distribution in time and space in the form of a 4D data set d(t, x, y, z), t = 1, . . . , T. The kinetic parameter estimation procedure (205) requires knowledge of the tracer input activity. 
This input activity can either be measured invasively or it can be estimated from the data in a preprocessing step. 
The estimation problem can be solved efficiently if the model and its input are described analytically. 
Typically parameterized functions (often sums of exponential terms) (204) are fitted to the averaged data over a region of interest (ROI) (e.g. an artery or the left ventricular blood pool) in order to obtain an analytical input representation. 
The input function representation (functional form) (204) and its initial parameter values (205) have to be selected / specified prior to the fitting procedure 206). 
The present invention thereby reduces the amount of manual interaction and operator dependence in the evaluation of dynamic procedures 
A compression device for a limb of a patient comprises an inflatable sleeve (2) arranged to surround the limb and a conduit (10) attached to the sleeve (2) arranged to deliver fluid to the sleeve (2). 
The device also comprises a control system arranged to control fluid flow in the device and a memory (30) arranged to store gathered data relating to use of the device 
The invention concerns a device for regulating lateral buckling of a pipe section (10) comprising at least one device (11-15) for permanently applying a force on one spot of said pipe section, said force being preferably substantially horizontal and perpendicular to the axis of the pipe. 
Preferably, there are provided two devices for applying an equal and opposed force arranged at a specific distance from each other along the pipe section, each of the devices comprising a collar (15), a cable (12), a bell crank (14) and a buoy (11) or a weight 
Loading system and method for loading substrates with electrical components. 
A loading system for loading substrates with electrical components comprises at least one transporting line (2), by means of which a first and a second substrate (16, 17) can be transported in a transporting direction, a basic carrier (3), a first carrier slide (4), which is mounted on the basic carrier (3) displaceably in a displacing direction, an elongated first carrier arm (8), the longitudinal axis (9-1) of which is oriented transversely in relation to the displacing direction and which is mounted on the first carrier slide (4) displaceably in the direction of its longitudinal axis (9-1), and a first loading head (10) and a second loading head (11), which are arranged at a fixed distance from each other on the first carrier arm (8) on opposite sides of the carrier slide in the direction of the longitudinal axis (9-1) of the first carrier arm (8) 
The invention relates to an operator control device and to a vehicle component. 
The operator control device is provided with an, in essence, dimensionally stable design, and the operator control device is, in essence, completely surrounded by a comparatively soft material or by comparatively soft materials of an upholstered area of the vehicle component 
The invention relates to a fuel injector which is used to inject fuel, which is maintained in a fuel accumulator (1) at high pressure, into a combustion chamber in an internal combustion engine, under at least two different high injection pressures. 
Said fuel injector comprises an injector housing (11), a nozzle needle (6) which is arranged in a longitudinally displaceable manner in the housing (11), an injection nozzle (7) which can be opened, optionally, by the nozzle needle (6), through which the fuel can be injected into the combustion chamber of the internal combustion engine, a control chamber (12) which co-operates with the nozzle needle (6) in order to open the injection nozzle (7) and which is pressurised by fuel and a pressure converter (19) which is used to supply fuel which is to be injected at high pressure. 
The pressure converter (19) is controlled by means of a 3/2-control valve, by pressure of the fuel in the control chamber (12) 
The invention relates to a process for making a polyethylene multifilament yarn comprising the steps of a) spinning multiple filaments from a solution comprising between 0.5 and 30 mass% of ultra high molecular weight polyethylene in a solvent; b) cooling the filament obtained to form gel filaments; c) removing at least partly the solvent from the gel filaments; d) drawing the filaments in at least one drawing step before, during or after removing the solvent, wherein the solution of step a) further comprises between 0.1 and 7 mass% of a sorbitol derivative and at step d) the filaments are drawn with a draw ratio of more than 15 to a strength of at least 1 GPa. 
The invention further relates to a high performance polyethylene multifilament yarn having a strength of at least 1 GPa, wherein the yarn comprises between 0.1 and 5 mass% of a sorbitol derivative 
The power semiconductor device (1) with a four-layer npnp structure can be turned-off via a gate electrode (5). 
The first base layer (8) comprises a cathode base region (81) adjacent to the cathode region (6) and a gate base region (82) adjacent to the gate electrode (5), but disposed at a distance from the cathode region (6). 
The gate base region (82, 82') has the same nominal doping density as the cathode base region (81) in at least one first depth, the first depth being given as a perpendicular distance from the side of the cathode region (6), which is opposite the cathode metallization (2). 
The gate base region (82, 82') has a higher doping density than the cathode base region (81) and / or the gate base region (82) has a greater depth than the cathode base region (81) in order to modulate the field in blocking state and to defocus generated holes from the cathode when driven into dynamic avalanche 
Systems and methods for providing a cavity in an interior body region are described. 
In one described method, a frame comprising a plurality of frame members disposed adjacent an expansible body is inserted into a treatment area along a path established by a hollow member. 
The expansible body is expanded in the treatment area, and the expansible body is constrained from expanding by the frame 
Disclosed are compositions and methods for treating or preventing dementia and pre-dementia-related conditions and/or symptoms or characteristics of such conditions 
An integrated ship mounted system for loading a gas stream, separating heavier hydrocarbons, compressing the gas, cooling the gas, mixing the gas with a desiccant, blending it with a liquid carrier or solvent, and then cooling the mix to processing, storage and transportation conditions. 
After transporting the product to its destination, a hydrocarbon processing train and liquid displacement method is provided to unload the liquid from the pipeline and storage system, separate the liquid carrier, and transfer the gas stream to a storage or transmission system 
The invention proves a method and means to produce protein expression comparison assay results and for using the improved protein expression comparison results for producing improved results for any other application which utilizes said improved protein expression results 
Source transistor configurations are described for reducing leakage and delay within integrated circuits. 
Virtual power and ground nodes are supported with the use of stacked transistor configurations, such as a two transistor stack between a first virtual supply connection and VSS, and a second virtual supply connection and VDD. 
Gate drives of these stacked transistors are modulated with different voltage levels in response to the operating power mode of the circuit, for example active mode, active-standby mode, and deep power-down mode. 
Means for driving these source stacks are described. 
In one embodiment separate virtual nodes are adapted for different types of circuits, such as buffers, row address strobe, and column address strobe. 
Other techniques, such as directional placement of the transistors is also described 
The present invention relates to novel uncoated, color-stable tablet formulations comprising oxcarbazepine, a disintegrant and iron oxide pigments. 
The oxcarbazepine of the present invention has a particle size of about 14 to about 30 microns with a maximum residue on a 40 micron sieve from about 10% to about 35%. 
The present invention further provides for a process of preparing the tablet formulations, and a method of treating mammals in need of oxcarbazepine with the novel formulation 
The present invention relates to a delivery system for delivering a device for closing a passageway in a body, for example a patent foramen ovale (PFO) in a heart. 
The delivery system has an elongate member having a proximal and distal end. 
A deflectable needle assembly having luminal and abluminal surfaces is slideably engaged within the elongate member. 
An actuator is slideabley engaged within the elongate member and attached to the needle tip assembly such that translational movement of the actuator causes deflection of the deflectable needle assembly 
This invention is directed to methods for providing neuroprotection comprising administering to a subject in need thereof a therapeutically effective amount of a compound selected from the group consisting of Formula (I) and Formula (II), or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt or ester thereof; wherein phenyl is substituted at X with one to five halogen atoms selected from the group consisting of fluorine, chlorine, bromine and iodine; and, R<SUB>1</SUB>, R<SUB>2</SUB>, R<SUB>3</SUB>, R<SUB>4</SUB>, R<SUB>5</SUB> and R<SUB>6 </SUB>are independently selected from the group consisting of hydrogen and C<SUB>1</SUB>C<SUB>4</SUB> alkyl; wherein C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB> alkyl is optionally substituted with phenyl (wherein phenyl is optionally substituted with substituents independently selected from the group consisting of halogen, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB> alkyl, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB> alkoxy, amino, nitro and cyano) 
A method and composition for forming an adhesive bond is described. 
The method includes depositing an aqueous dispersion on a substrate to form a selectively activatable coating, the aqueous dispersion including (A) a polymer capable of forming an adhesive, (B) at least one dispersing agent; and (C) at least one of a tackifying resin, a wax, or an oil wherein the dispersion has at least one of an average particle size of from about 0.1 to about 100 microns and a polydispersity of less than 5; and selectively activating at least a portion of the coated substrate to form the adhesive bond 
This invention is directed to methods for preventing, treating, reversing, inhibiting, or arresting epileptogenesis in a subject comprising administering to the subject in need thereof a therapeutically effective amount of a compound selected from the group consisting of Formula (I) and Formula (II), or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt or ester thereof,: Formula (I) Formula (II) wherein phenyl is substituted at X with one to five halogen atoms selected from the group consisting of fluorine, chlorine, bromine and iodine; and, R-i, R2, R3, R4, R5 and R6 are independently selected from the group consisting of hydrogen and CrC4 alkyl; wherein C1-C4 alkyl is optionally substituted with phenyl (wherein phenyl is optionally substituted with substituents independently selected from the group consisting of halogen, CrC4 alkyl, CrC4 alkoxy, amino, nitro and cyano) 
Endogenous Sp35 is a negative regulator for neuronal survival, axon regeneration, oligodendrocyte differentiation and myelination (Negative Regulator). 
Molecules that block endogenous Sp35 function, such anti-Sp35 antibodies can be used as therapeutics for the treatment of neuron and oligodendrocyte dysfunction. 
The present invention provides antibodies specific for Sp35, and methods of using such antibodies as antagonists of endogenous Sp35 function. 
The invention further provides specific hybridoma and phage library-derived monoclonal antibodies, nucleic acids encoding these antibodies, and vectors and host cells comprising these antibodies. 
The invention further provides methods of promoting oligodendrocyte survival and myelination in a vertebrate, comprising administering to a vertebrate in need of such treatment an effective amount of an anti-Sp35 antibody 
A power amplifier (112) has a first non-linear power amplifier (202) for generating a first amplified signal (203) and a first pre-distortion signal (205) from the carrier signal. 
The first amplified signal has an amplified carrier component with non-linear distortions, while the first pre-distortion signal has an in-phase carrier component with out-of-phase non-linear distortions. 
A second non-linear power amplifier (206) having non-linear characteristics is used for generating a second pre-distortion signal (207) from the pre-distortion signal. 
The second pre-distortion signal has an amplified carrier component with non-linear distortions. 
A first combining point (210) is used for combining the first amplified signal and the second pre-distortion signal, thereby generating a transmission signal (113) having an amplified carrier component with diminished non-linear distortions 
There are provided scalable video encoders and decoders and corresponding methods for scalable video encoding and decoding. A scalable video encoder includes an encoder (100) for selectively using spatial intra prediction to code, on a macroblock adaptive basis, an enhancement layer residue generated between an enhancement layer macroblock and a corresponding upsampled base layer macroblock 
In a mobile communication system, an adaptive power control method may include determining by a network unit (209) of the mobile communication system a message type (252) of a control message (250) transmitted to a mobile unit (202), determining message content (254) of the control message, determining whether the control message is being retransmitted (256) and selectively increasing power gain for the control message based on at least one of the message type, the message content and whether the control message is being retransmitted 
A shaft seal assembly (25) for maintaining a seal during shaft misalignment including a first seal (3) adjacent the shaft with a defined clearance (6) between the shaft and the first seal, the shaft is moveable axially in relation to the first seal; a second seal (7), the first seal partially encompassed within the second seal and in cooperative communication with the second seal; a third seal (13), the second seal partially encompassed within the third seal and in cooperative communication with the third seal, the third seal attached to said housing or vessel and allowing the first seal and the second seal to cooperatively respond to the forces produced by angular misalignment of the shaft during rotation of the shaft while maintaining defined clearance between the shaft and the seals 
Methylation of DNA in regions involved in transcriptional regulation can induce the binding of ICBP90 and the subsequent formation of multiprotein complexes which alter gene transcription. 
DNA methylation in tumor suppressor genes, or in other genes which are involved in mitigating tumorigenesis, can induce binding of ICBP90 to those genes. 
Bound ICBP90 can interact with a pRb2/p130 regulatory complexes to remodel chromatin and inhibit transcription of the gene. 
DNA methyltransferases, ICBP90, and the proteins comprising the pRb2/p130 complex are therefore therapeutic targets for the treatment of cancer. 
Abnormalities in these proteins can also be markers of cancerous or precancerous conditions 
An organosilicon compound which is a novel alkoxysilane compound represented by the following general formula (1): [wherein R<SUP>1</SUP>, R<SUP>2</SUP>, R<SUP>4</SUP>, R<SUP>5</SUP>, and R<SUP>6</SUP> each independently is C<SUB>1-10</SUB> alkyl, C<SUB>7-10</SUB> aralkyl, or C<SUB>7-10</SUB> aryl; R<SUP>3</SUP> is a C<SUB>2-20</SUB> divalent organic group; and a and b are integers satisfying a=0, b=1, and a+b=3, provided that when more than one OR<SUP>2</SUP> is present, the OR<SUP>2</SUP>'s may be the same or different] 
Packing case (10) of corrugated cardboard comprising, by extension of the two pairs of opposing walls, volumetric protective spacers (12, 14) for the object packed with its accessories, and closure bands (30, 31), a lower internal structure (90) with accommodation for the object to be packed and an upper internal structure (132) accommodating the two volumetric spacers so determining a greater degree of protection in the upper part of the case 
A process for manufacturing an ink, or pigment formulation (e.g. a concentrate) for use in inks, comprising filtration of a composition comprising a particulate pigment and a liquid medium through an inorganic filter having pores of a uniform size below 10 microns. 
The process accurately removes oversized particles that could cause problems in inkjet printers without wasting non-problematic under-sized pigment. 
High flow rates are achieved even with low trans-filter pressure differences. 
In one embodiment, high flow rates are maintained by selection of pH and/or ionic strength. 
The filters are more robust than conventional polymeric filters and withstand cleaning with aggressive cleaning agents 
The invention concerns a system for making and/or personalizing an identification and/or payment media (14), the media to be supplied by an originator (16) to a user (18), the media (14) comprising data concerning the originator (16) and data concerning the user (18), the system including: a secure mobile station (10), comprising means for acquiring personal data concerning the user, and means for making and/or personalizing identification media, the station being designed to be used on a particular site, such as a site reserved for a special event, the use of the mobile station capable of being disabled by locking; a secure stationary operating center (12), remotely communicating with the mobile station, and comprising means for remotely unlocking the mobile station. The system comprises securing means such that: the operating center may enable the station following identification and authentication of said station, only after enabling same 
The invention concerns a method and installation for connecting a rigid submarine pipeline (18) and a flexible submarine pipeline (20), said rigid submarine pipeline (18) terminated by a free connecting end (22), said flexible submarine pipeline (20) having a sea floor portion (32) and a suspended portion, said sea floor portion having an input end (19) connected to said free connecting end (22), said installation comprising anchoring means (26, 24, 30) for maintaining said sea floor portion (32) anchored in an anchoring point (28) of said sea floor portion and for allowing said sea floor portion to form an undulation (38). The invention is characterized in that the anchoring means are adapted to maintain said anchoring point (26, 24, 30) spaced apart from or closer to said free connecting end (22) to form said undulation (38) between said anchoring point (28) and said free connecting end (22) 
The invention concerns an aircraft with electric flight control system, wherein a device enables the load applied on the wing system to be lightened during a lateral roll maneuver, by comparing the roll control (X) with a threshold (X%) and by filtering said control. 
Through such an action on the roll control, it is possible to anticipate the load increases occurring on the wing system, and to reduce same. 
The loads can thus be maintained below a maximum value of the wing system dimensioning, in case of too great roll control relative to the use provided for the plane, and therefore to limit oversizing of the wing system 
The invention relates to the use of homopolymers or copolymers of (meth)acrylic acid or copolymers of C<SUB>3</SUB>-C<SUB>40</SUB> monoolefins with ethylenically unsaturated C<SUB>4</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB> dicarboxylic acid anhydrides as additives in ceramic materials, especially in clay, in order to produce ceramic construction materials, such as bricks and roofing tiles as well as ceramic materials containing said additives 
The invention relates to a method for producing at least one winding of an electrical machine that has a plurality of poles, in particular of a motor generator, preferably for a hybrid drive of a motor vehicle, the winding being formed by winding parts connected in parallel and each pole being associated with at least one groove set that is associated with the winding parts and comprises a plurality of grooves which have different circumferential angle positions relative to the associated pole, grooves with the same circumferential angle position forming equivalent grooves and each winding part of the winding being wound with the same number of windings in equivalent grooves. 
The invention also relates to a corresponding winding 
The invention relates to a method for producing polyisobutenes, in which isobutene is polymerized in liquid organic phase in the presence of a Lewis acid catalyst, the organic phase is mixed with an aqueous terminating agent in a dynamic mixer in order to terminate the reaction, said dynamic mixer comprising an axially symmetrical mixing chamber formed by a peripheral wall and two end walls as well as a mixing rotor that is rotatably driven therein. 
The organic phase is introduced via a first inlet located in the peripheral wall while the aqueous terminating agent is introduced via a second inlet located in the peripheral wall, and a finely dispersed mixture of the organic phase and the terminating agent is withdrawn via an outlet located in the peripheral wall and is delivered to a phase separation process. 
The inventive method is used for producing highly reactive polyisobutenes and/or polyisobutenes having a narrow molecular weight distribution 
The present invention is directed to an improved integrated process for the removal of heavy hydrocarbons, carbon dioxide, hydrogen sulfide, and water from a raw natural gas feed stream. 
More specifically, the integrated process of the present invention comprises a three step process involving the adsorption of heavy hydrocarbons and water on an adsorbent bed selective for the same, a subsequent aqueous lean amine treatment for the absorptive removal of acid gases, such as carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide, and an adsorptive removal of water. 
The process of the present invention results in a highly purified natural gas product stream 
A method, system and user interface are disclosed for a query based system to synchronize an offline application with an online application. 
The queries may be user definable to identify only the limited data that the offline user desires to be updated and data satisfying the queries may be stored in a synchronization file on the online application. 
Once a synchronization file has been successfully communicated to the offline device, the synchronization file and a status file of the offline application on the online system may be updated to reflect the successful update 
A process for preparing a stable aqueous dosage form of sodium 4-phenylbutyrate, including such dosage forms in a highly concentrated solution, as well as methods for making 4-phenylbutyrate and 4-phenylbutyric acid, and for using 4-phenylbutyrate. 
The stable aqueous dosage forms do not freeze at 0° C 
In a first aspect, a lithography apparatus may comprise a mask designed using optical proximity correction (OPC), a pulsed laser source, and an active bandwidth control system configured to increase the bandwidth of a subsequent pulse in response to a measured pulse bandwidth that is below a predetermined bandwidth range and increase a bandwidth of a subsequent pulse in response to a measured pulse bandwidth that is above the predetermined bandwidth range. 
In another aspect an active bandwidth control system may include an optic for altering a wavefront of a laser beam in a laser cavity of the laser source to selectively adjust an output laser bandwidth in response to the control signal. 
In yet another aspect, the bandwidth of a laser having a wavelength variation across an aperture may be actively controlled by an aperture blocking element that is moveable to adjust a size of the aperture 
An EUV light generation system and method is disclosed that may comprise a droplet generator producing plasma source material target droplets traveling toward the vicinity of a plasma source material target irradiation site; a drive laser; a drive laser focusing optical element having a first range of operating center wavelengths; a droplet detection radiation source having a second range of operating center wavelengths; a drive laser steering element comprising a material that is highly reflective within at least some part of the first range of wavelengths and highly transmissive within at least some part of the second range of center wavelengths; a droplet detection radiation aiming mechanism directing the droplet detection radiation through the drive laser steering element and the lens to focus at a selected droplet detection position intermediate the droplet generator and the irradiation site. 
The apparatus and method may further comprise a droplet detection mechanism that may comprise a droplet detection radiation detector positioned to detect droplet detection radiation reflected from a plasma source material droplet 
A tandem OLED display for producing broadband light having at least two spaced electrodes includes two or more broadband light-emitting units disposed between the electrodes, at least two of which produce light having different emission spectra and wherein at least one of such broadband light-emitting units does not produce white light, and an intermediate connector disposed between adjacent light-emitting units 
Improved processes for the preparation of tetra-O-benzyl protected -(+)-catechin, for the coupling of the tetra-O-benzyl protected -(+)-catechin or -(-)-epicatechin with a C-4 activated, tetra-O-benzyl protected -(-)-epicatechin, for the galloylation of the (-)-epicatechin-(4ß,8)-(+)-catechin or -(-)-epicatechin dimer to the dimer digallates, and for the deprotection (i.e., debenzylation) of the protected -(-)-epicatechin dimers and protected -(-)-epicatechin dimer digallates are disclosed 
The invention relates to a coupling between a first body (3) with a hole and an end zone of a second body (2) to be inserted therein, in which hole extends a ring (6), which ring is elastically deformable such that it bends when said end zone is inserted and scrapes over the surface thereof with its free edge such that the movement in backward direction is blocked. 
The coupling has the feature that the ring has an interruption with two ends which are directed toward each other and which are displaced away from each other in the direction of the axis such that the ring has a helical form, such that the free end edge of the ring has an inclining position corresponding to a helix, as a consequence of which, when the second body is rotated relative to the first body, the second body can be removed by a screwing movement from the hole of the first body 
An image processing apparatus includes a calculation unit configured to calculate an amount of a first coloring material (at least one of cyan, magenta, yellow and black) in an area including a plurality of pixels; a determination unit configured to determine an allowable amount of a second coloring material, being substantially colorless and transparent, in the area on the basis of the amount of the first coloring material, calculated by the calculation unit, and a limit of the amount of the coloring material; and a control unit configured to control an amount of the second coloring material in the area so as not to exceed the allowable amount of the second coloring material 
[PROBLEMS] To provide a free sample provision management system in which users can freely select free samples while reflecting the user's attributes on the free sample selection to well achieve an advertisement effect. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] A presenting section (21) presents free sample information (30) provided by a provider to a user over a network. 
The user selects a user's favorite free sample on the user terminal by using a Web browser. 
A selection receiving section (14) and a selection accepting section (22) receive the selection. 
The user is given points in advance. 
A given point calculating section (20) subtracts free sample points determined for each free sample from the given points when the user asks for the free sample. 
The free sample points can be changed depending on user information 
A thermotherapy apparatus (1) of the invention comprises a cylindrical holder (1) made of a stretchable material and a chemical warmer (2) held in the holder (1) and is placed at a joint part. 
The holder (1) is provided with a housing portion (3) capable of taking the chemical warmer (2) in and out or attaching the same. 
This thermotherapy apparatus (1) can maintain a temperature suitable for thermotherapy for a long period of time, and can hold the chemical warmer at an appropriate site without sliding against the movement of the joint part, therefore, it can be effectively applied to the joint part 
A fixing method is provided for accurately fixing members each other. 
The fixing method is provided with an arranging step of inserting a tube section of a second member, which is provided with the tube section having a noncircular inner wall cross section, into a hole of a first member having the hole, and relatively arranging the second member to the first member; an inserting step of inserting into the tube section of the second member a bar-shaped jig, which has a bar shape having a noncircular cross section and the largest outer diameter of the bar shape larger than the minimum inner diameter of the tube section; and a turning step of turning the bar-shaped jig in the tube section to widen the tube section by pressing the tube section and fixing in the hole of the first member is performed 
A multi-bit, programmable, modular digital frequency divider divides an input frequency by an m-bit integer divisor to produce an output frequency. 
The integer divisor re-initializes m-number of flip-flop stages with the divisor input at the end of every output clock. 
Each divisor bit is gated to a D-input through a respective data multiplexer controlled by a clock output. 
A run/initialize mode controller receives the input frequency and produces the divided output frequency and controls the timing of the re-initialization 
A workpiece system with a reciprocating motion which includes a motor assembly for producing an output drive signal with a periodic force pulse. 
The drive signal is coupled to a driven member assembly through a magnetic arrangement, wherein the driven member assembly has a workpiece mounted thereon with a return spring assembly. 
The driven member assembly has a resonant mechanical frequency. 
As the RPM of the motor increases from zero following startup, the drive signal frequency increases to the point very near resonance, where the energy from the drive signal is transferred into the reciprocating motion of the driven assembly, producing an effective amplitude of workpiece motion 
A drilling machine (16) drills at a multiplicity of target locations on a component (10). 
Two robots (12, 14), calibrated with calibration data, move the component in a 6-D coordinate system. A metrology system (32) ascertains the position of the component (10) relative to the drilling machine (16). 
The movement of the robots (12, 14) is effected by means of commands generated by means of off-line programming (52). 
The component (10) is moved relative to the drilling machine (16) to a target position, ready for drilling, by means of a closed-loop process (50) in which the differences in position between the expected position (the target position) and the actual position (as viewed by the metrology system) are corrected 
The invention concerns an electronic module for rotating electrical machine comprising: a housing (101) defined by an upper surface, a lower surface and at least three side surfaces; electronic components (102) arranged in said housing (101). 
The invention is characterized in that said electronic components are mounted on power connections (103, 104, 105), and in that said power connections include ends which are all arranged proximate a first surface of the housing. 
The invention is applicable to an alternator starter 
The invention relates to an injector device for syringes, which enables the syringe plunger to be moved gradually with little effort on the part of the patient or a third person. 
The invention comprises: a first support (5) which is equipped with a cavity (6) in which the barrel of the syringe (1) is inserted perpendicularly to the first support (5), the flanges (2) of the syringe resting on the peripheral edge of the cavity (6); and a second central support (9) on which the syringe plunger (3) rests. 
The aforementioned second support (9) is guided manually along parallel guides (8) that extend from the first support (5), between said first support (5) and the ends of the parallel guides (8), such as to push the plunger (3) inside the cylindrical barrel (1) 
The present invention concerns a method for increasing plant yield by modulating expression in a plant of a nucleic acid encoding a Ste20-like polypeptide or a homologue thereof. 
One such method comprises introducing into a plant a Ste20-like nucleic acid or variant thereof. 
The invention also relates to transgenic plants having introduced therein a Ste20-like nucleic acid or variant thereof, which plants have increased yield relative to control plants. 
The present invention also concerns constructs useful in the methods of the invention 
The invention concerns protein kinase inhibitors of formula (I) for use in the treatment of various diseases, in particular cancer, inflammation or disorders of the central nervous system. 
The invention also concerns pharmaceutical compositions comprising the inventive compounds and their therapeutic use 
Provided are a method, system, article of manufacture, and a computer readable medium, wherein a plurality of user defined schedules are received for collecting data on a plurality of resources. 
A schedule is generated for data collection on at least one resource, based on processing the plurality of user defined schedules to eliminate redundant data collection on the at least one resource. 
Operations are executed on the at least one resource in accordance with the generated schedule 
The invention relates to a method for configuring a transaction-based host environment for migration to a new system platform. 
The method comprises the following steps: providing at least one database of a first type and at least one database of second type on the current system platform, which have a different migration behavior. In addition, a first transaction type is provided that, on the current system platform, accesses both the first type of database as well as the second type of database. 
In order to prepare for the migration, the first transaction type in the host environment is replaced by a second transaction type and by a third transaction type, the second transaction type exclusively accessing the first type of database and the third transaction type exclusively accessing the second type of database. 
The method also comprises the initiation of transactions of the second and third type when requesting a transaction of the first type from a decentralized environment 
The provision of services to the users of a multi-resource (10, 20, 30) communication network is controlled by modelling the system made up of these resources (10, 20, 30) as a Markov chain, wherein each state of the Markov chain is identified by a respective set of values of the numbers of the users served by each of said resources (10, 20, 30), and the transitions between states are represented by the allocation and de-allocation to the users of the services provided by the resources. 
A cost function is defined wherein each of the states gives a respective contribution weighted by the probability that the Markov chain is in that state, such probability being a function of the possible transitions between said states. 
A plurality of transitions between the states is thus identified that optimizes the cost function and the resources (10, 20, 30) are allocated the users according to such plurality of transitions that optimizes the cost function 
The invention relates to a printing system for controlling the printing head of a conventional printing cartridge designed for water-based printing ink. 
Said printing head comprises ink discharging elements arranged in a matrix, and the actuatable heating element of an ink discharging element is activated by means of an address signal operating as a line signal and by means of a starting signal operating as a column signal. 
The starting pulses of the starting signal (SS2) have a lower signal amplitude than the address pulses of the address signal (ASl) and the printing ink in the printing cartridge (5) has a high alcohol content 
A method and apparatus for limiting the effect of interfering transmission on a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver is disclosed. 
A first mode of operation of the GPS receiver is provided wherein the AGC of the receiver is operated in a linear state. 
A second mode of operation of the GPS receiver is provided wherein the AGC of the receiver is operated in a non-linear state. 
A first signal is provided indicating a presence of a jamming signal. 
In response to the first signal the GPS receiver is switched from the first mode of operation to the second mode of operation 
Compositions for altering the color of teeth, including tooth-coating compositions comprising a colorant and an acrylate polymer. 
Colorants among those useful herein include whiteness-imparting particulate materials, such as hydroxyapatite 
A passivated semiconductor structure and associated method are disclosed. 
The structure includes a silicon carbide substrate or layer; an oxidation layer on the silicon carbide substrate for lowering the interface density between the silicon carbide substrate and the thermal oxidation layer; a first sputtered non-stoichiometric silicon nitride layer on the thermal oxidation layer for reducing parasitic capacitance and minimizing device trapping; a second sputtered non-stoichiometric silicon nitride layer on the first layer for positioning subsequent passivation layers further from the substrate without encapsulating the structure; a sputtered stoichiometric silicon nitride layer on the second sputtered layer for encapsulating the structure and for enhancing the hydrogen barrier properties of the passivation layers; and a chemical vapor deposited environmental barrier layer of stoichiometric silicon nitride for step coverage and crack prevention on the encapsulant layer 
In one aspect, a system capable of performing network address changes is provided. 
The system comprises a network interconnecting a plurality of hosts, a mobile device connected to the network, the mobile device associated with a first network address corresponding to a first network location of the mobile device on the network, a first host connected to the network, and a mobile handler capable of communicating with the mobile device and the host over the network. 
Wherein the mobile handler is configured to receive a change of address request from the mobile device, the change of address request including a second network address corresponding to a second network location of the mobile device on the network, the mobile handler configured to notify the first host of the change of address request, the notification including the second network address, and wherein the first host is adapted to receive the notification and to initiate a connection with the mobile device at the second network address, wherein a communication path of the connection does not include the mobile handler 
A process for making high specific viscosity copolymers of maleic anhydride and an alkyl vinyl ether by copolymerizing maleic anhydride and an alkyl vinyl ether monomers in the presence of added acetylene 
A method for reducing a computational complexity of an m-stage adaptive filter is provided by expanding a weighted sum of forward prediction error squares into a corresponding binomial expansion series, expanding a weighted sum of backward prediction error squares into a corresponding binomial expansion series, and determining coefficient updates of the adaptive filter with the weighted sums of forward and backward prediction error squares approximated by a select number of terms of their corresponding binomial expansion series 
Methods and systems for processing, e.g., non-destructively processing, digital image data utilizing vertically-oriented Effect graphs are provided. 
In non-destructive processing where and when data is transformed is fairly important, both in terms of quality and performance. 
The further down the vertically-oriented Effect graph a transformation occurs, the better. 
As such, methods for pushing transformations down an Effect graph to the lowest point possible and applying them at that point rather than the location at which they may have been placed are provided. 
Systems for implementing the methods herein disclosed are also provided 
A valve assembly having a threadless base and a removable threadless insert that separately contains a check valve piece. 
The check valve piece is resiliently supported to abut a seal fitted to the insert. 
In one assembly, a pair of resiliently biased latch arms restrain the insert to the base. 
Flanges at the latch arms are resiliently biased to flex and grip the base as the insert is pushed into the base. 
Insert removal is effected with the release and lifting of the latch arms. 
In another assembly, the insert is magnetically coupled to the base and a resiliently biased check valve piece and setscrew adjuster regulates flow pressure 
A device and method of use in learning, practicing and perfecting a baseball pitching motion comprising, a practice glove worn on the pitching hand having a pair of directional indicator elements extending therefrom. 
The indicator elements extending as independent elongated flexible band ribbons attached to the end of the index finger portion and adjacent finger portion. 
By practicing the pitching motion, the relative position of the indicator strap ribbons will confirm and teach proper pitching arm and hand position through the multiple pitching sequence of the pitching action 
A method and apparatus for providing an improved user interface for a wireless communication device (100) is described herein. 
The wireless communication device (100) comprises a main body (104) including a first user interface (142), and a movable cover (102) including a second user interface (144). 
When the movable cover (102) is closed relative to the main body (104), the movable cover (102) conceals at least a portion of the first user interface (142). 
To provide some of the functionality associated with the first user interface (142) without having to open the movable cover (102), the present invention maps a soft key (106) associated with the second user interface (144) to a function assigned to a selected control or key of the first user interface (142). 
It is intended to provide a drug for ameliorating symptoms or diseases caused by heavy metals (for example, Wilson's disease, heavy metal toxication, aging, fulminant hepatitis and so on) which has a high safety without any fear of side effect, can eliminate heavy metals such as copper ion accumulated in excess in the living body to prevent or lessen the accumulation of the heavy metals in the living body, thereby eliminating or relieving the effects of the heavy metals; and compositions such as a medicinal composition, a food and a cosmetic containing the same. 
The drug and compositions as described above are characterized by containing lactoferrin and/or an active derivative of the same as the active ingredient 
A (needle integrating) biosensor of high precision that ensures easy assembly, excelling in the reproducibility of (needle integrating) biosensor produced. 
There is provided a biosensor produced by providing two insulating substrates linked to each other through a junction and, superimposed on one or both thereof, an electrode and a spacer and folding back the two insulating substrates along the junction so as to position the electrode and spacer (and a puncture needle for puncturing the skin of a test subject to sample the body fluid) between the insulating substrates. 
This (needle integrating) biosensor, as it is easily produced by folding back the two insulating substrates linked to each other through a junction, realizes easy production avoiding cumbersome steps, such as accurately superimposing of individual biosensor members. 
Moreover, the produced (needle integrating) biosensor attains advantageous effects inclusive of high precision and high reproducibility 
An apparatus (301) is comprised of a plurality of application cards (302-304) wherein at least a plurality of the application cards each comprise a part, but not all, of a plurality of logical network entities (307 and 308) such as a Packet Data Serving Node. 
A data packet session manager (305) can serve to manage the allocation and/or usage of one or more session resources (309) by these application cards. 
In a preferred approach the external interfaces (310) of these application cards are also aggregated and used, in cluster fashion, by each of the logical network entities 
The concentration of a component such as alcohol or glucose in a sample of an opaque liquid such as blood is determined by mounting a sample holder (16) containing the liquid sample (2) or adjacent an integrating sphere (3) and directing light from a light source (1) into the integrated sphere (3 )so that the sample is exposed to the light and light from the sample passes into the integrated sphere. 
A spectral analysis is performed on light from the integrating sphere and the results processed and displayed or printed as information as to the presence and/or concentration of the component in the sample. 
A hinge for supporting a sash between a closed position, in which it lies within a fixed frame, and a plurality of open positions, in which it extends at an angle to the fixed frame. 
The angles of the plurality of open positions being determined by a restricting means between a support track (2) and a slider (11) mounted thereon. 
A support block (1 ) provides increased bearing surface and support for the fixing means (5) between the support track (2) and a link (3). 
A stay open restrictor device for preventing closure of a sash into a fixed frame 
The method comprises a first step in which along a conveying line (3) a plurality of products (2) is discharged, a second step in which the products (2) are specified, a third step in which the specified products (2) are transferred to a respective housing seat, a fourth step in which it is determined on each single product (2) at least one feature such as for example weight, size, colour, etc. and a fifth step in which according to the feature determined in the fourth step the product (2) is transferred to a discharging and packaging station. 
The method presents an intermediate step between the first and second steps in which the number of products in a certain area (A) of the conveying line (3) is determined and on the basis of such number the conveying speed along the line (3) is varied so as to adjust the flow of products (2) according to predetermined modes 
The invention relates to a direct drive for large-scale drives, comprising a stator (1) which is configured, when seen from the peripheral direction, by a plurality of segments (3, 4, 5, 6), each having a self-contained winding arrangement, and a rotor which is configured from segments. The segments of the rotor are located on working elements that rotate with the rotor, and interact electromagnetically with a winding system of the stator (1). 
The inventive drive is especially suitable for ring motors and tube mill drives 
The invention relates to a toothpaste dispensing device which comprises a toothpaste channel (30) comprising an inlet which can be connected to a toothpaste container (110) and a dispensing opening from where the toothpaste (111) can be applied to the toothbrush (2), and a conveying device (31, 50) which is used to convey toothpaste through a toothpaste channel. 
The invention is characterised by an actuation device (10, 20) which is arranged in such a manner that it co-operates with the conveying device when the toothbrush head (1) is arranged in the region of dispensing opening of the toothpaste channel, in order to convey toothpaste through the toothpaste channel and to apply to the toothbrush head 
Process for the preparation of 1-[cyano (phenyl) methyl] cyclohexanol compounds of general formula (I) in which R<SUB>1</SUB> is hydrogen, (C<SUB>1-4</SUB>) alkyl or (C<SUB>1-4</SUB>) alkoxy, wherein a compound of general formula (II) in which R<SUB>1</SUB> is as defined above, is reacted with cyclohexanone, the reaction being carried out in the presence of an organic or inorganic base, and this organic or inorganic base being present in the reaction mixture in at least an equimolar amount, based on the amount of the compound of general formula (II) 
A pleuromutilin in the form of a salt with salicylic acid, azelaic acid, sebacic acid or 2-[(2,6- dichlorophenyl)amino]benzeneacetic acid 
The invention provides novel compounds of formula (I), (II), (III), and (IV). 
The invention also provides pharmaceutical compositions comprising such compounds as well as methods for treating diseases associated with opioid receptor function by administering such compounds to an animal in need of treatment. 
The invention also provides therapeutic methods for the use of compounds of formula (V), as well as methods for treating diseases by administering such compounds 
A tensioning device (10) is provided. 
The tensioning device (10) includes a housing (15) and a first pulley (16) removably coupled to the housing for selective positioning of the first pulley (16) relative to a second pulley (16) to adjust tension associated with a drive element (18) extending between the first and second pulleys (16) 
A method of creating a region of index change in a photopolymer includes providing a photopolymer having a photosensitivity to light of a particular wavelength and creating a region of index change in the photopolymer by applying direct write lithography to expose the photopolymer of the region to light that includes the particular wavelength 
Apparatuses and methodologies are described that enhance performance in a wireless communication system using beamforming transmissions. 
According to one aspect, a set of transmit beams are defined that simultaneously provides for space division multiplexing, multiple-input multiple output (MIMO transmission and opportunistic beamforming. 
The addition of a wide beam guarantees a minimum acceptable performance for all user devices 
A method of monitoring breathing of a patient with a nasal cannula. 
The method comprising the steps of forming the nasal cannula with at least one nare, and at least one nare having a primary inlet/outlet opening formed in a remote end thereof. 
Coupling the nasal cannula to a detection device for monitoring breathing characteristics of the patient while the patient is sleeping. 
Detecting breathing characteristics of the patient, while the patient is sleeping, via at least the primary inlet/outlet opening of the nare and sending the detected breathing characteristics of the patient to detection device for evaluation 
Novel compositions and methods of using those compositions to form high refractive index coatings are provided. 
The compositions preferably comprise both a reactive solvent and a high refractive index compound. 
Preferred reactive solvents include aromatic resins that are functionalized with one or more reactive groups (e.g., epoxides, vinyl ethers, oxetane), while preferred high refractive index compounds include aromatic epoxides, vinyl ethers, oxetanes, phenols, and thiols. 
An acid or crosslinking catalyst is preferably also included. 
The inventive compositions are stable under ambient conditions and can be applied to a substrate to form a layer and cured via light and/or heat application. 
The cured layers have high refractive indices and light transmissions 
A population of nanocrystals having a narrow and controllable size distribution and can be prepared by a segmented-flow method. 
Random access memory including nanotube switching elements. 
A memory cell includes first and second nanotube switching elements and an electronic memory. 
Each nanotube switching element includes an output node, a nanotube channel element having at least one electrically conductive nanotube, and a control structure having a set electrode and a release electrode disposed in relation to the nanotube channel element to controllably form and unform an electrically conductive channel between said channel electrode and said output node. 
The electronic memory has cross-coupled first and second inverters. 
The input node of the first inverter is coupled to the set electrode of the first nanotube switching element and to the output node of the second nanotube switching element. 
The input node of the of the second inverter is coupled to the set electrode of the second nanotube switching element and to the output node of the first nanotube switching element; and the channel electrode is coupled to a channel voltage line. 
The release electrode of the first nanotube switching element is coupled to the release electrode of the second nanotube switching element and wherein both release electrodes are coupled to a release line. 
The cell can operate as a normal electronic memory, or can operate in a shadow memory or store mode (e.g., when power is interrupted) to transfer the electronic memory state to the nanotube switching elements. 
The device may later be operated in a recall mode where the state of the nanotube switching elements may be transferred to the electronic memory 
A vehicle with a body, an engine, and an engine driven fan. 
The engine is connected to the body. 
The engine driven fan is mounted to the body for providing thrust capable of effecting controlled motion of the vehicle in at least one direction. 
The fan has a fan section drivingly connected to the engine. 
The fan section has fan blades. 
At least one of the fan blades has a tip jet and boundary layer control slot formed therein 
Gold suspensions with high concentrations of gold, and silver suspensions with high concentrations of silver, are provided. 
Gold or silver nanoparticles are put into suspension, where the metal nanoparticles are paired with silica. 
Biocompatible suspensions are one application. 
Noble metal particle, attached to the surface of silica particles, form a stable, non-agglomerated suspension due to the steric and repulsive properties of the silica particles. 
The noble metal particles are prepared by activating the surface of the silica particles (100') and erecting nucleation sites for metal particle growth (121), and then growing the metal particles at the nucleation sites (13') through a reduction procedure (110') 
A method and apparatus for regulating the temperature of the cavitation medium for a cavitation chamber is provided. 
A heat exchange fluid is pumped through a heat exchange conduit coupled to a heat exchange cavity within the cavitation chamber, the heat exchange cavity formed between an inner chamber shell and an outer chamber shell. 
An external heat exchanger, coupled either directly or indirectly to the heat exchange conduit, regulates the temperature of the heat exchange fluid which, in turn, regulates the temperature of cavitation medium within the cavitation chamber. 
The heat exchanger can be used to lower the temperature of the cavitation medium to a temperature less than the ambient temperature; to withdraw excess heat from the cavitation medium; or to heat the cavitation medium to the desired operating temperature. 
The heat exchanger can utilize heated heat exchange fluid, cooled heat exchange fluid, thermoelectric coolers, heat sinks, refrigeration systems or heaters 
The present invention relates to a device for permitting certain movement of a gland (20) to be mounted in a machine, which comprises a rotating shaft (16) extending through a stationary part (10) of the machine, the gland (20) providing a flame path between the shaft (16) and the gland (20). 
The invention is characterised in that the device (42) comprises resilient dampening means (42) arranged between the gland and the stationary part, capable of permitting radial and axial movement of the gland during rotation of the shaft. 
The invention also relates to a gland designed and arranged to co-operate with the device 
A control device for a vehicular drive system including a differential portion (11) having a differential mechanism (16) operable to distribute an output of an engine (8) to a first electric motor (M1) and a power transmitting member (18), and a second electric motor (M2) disposed in a power transmitting path between the power transmitting member and a drive wheel (38) of a vehicle, the control device including a differential limiting device (C0, B0) provided in the differential mechanism (16) and operable to limit a differential function of the differential mechanism for thereby limiting a differential function of the differential portion (11), and torque-response control means (84) for controlling a response of a change of an input torque of the differential portion to an operation of a manually operable vehicle accelerating member (45), depending upon whether the differential function of the differential mechanism (16) is limited or not 
An EPDM composition which contains, as a crosslinking agent, an organic peroxide in an amount of 0.2 to 4.0 parts by weight relative to 100 parts by weight of EPDM having an ethylene content of 50 to 58% by weight and a Mooney viscosity (ML<SUB>1+4</SUB>) (at 100°C) of 10 to 48. 
The EPDM composition shows an excellent blistering resistance under co-presence of flon gas/refrigerating machine oil which is a matter of concern in practical use as a rubbery material for molding a sealing material for a flon-type cooling medium (e.g., R134a), and also shows an excellent molding property. 
A sealing material produced by vulcanization-molding the EPDM composition, when used for sealing of a flon-type cooling medium, shows a smaller amount of permeation/leak of the cooling medium compared to that in a sealing material comprising hydrogenated NBR which has been used as a shaft seal for a compressor provided in an automotive air-conditioning system 
A higher luminance resolution is achieved by performing a high-accuracy color filter array interpolation of a color-coded RGB image. 
A first correlation value of the surrounding pixels of an interpolation object pixel is computed from the output of a set of bandpass filters disposed horizontally and vertically, and a second correlation value of the surrounding pixels is computed from the output of a set of bandpass filters shifted ± 45° with respect to the vertical direction. 
The first and second correlation values are compared with the correlation curve, the direction of the correlation is determined over all the directions (360°) surrounding the interpolation object, and an interpolation pixel (X) is interpolated according to the information on the surrounding pixels present in the determined direction 
A projection type display unit which can prevent an increase or the like in set outline size and improve contrast, and is excellent in silentness, comprising optical modulation units (122) (R,G,B) for modulating an incident illuminating light based on input image information to output it, an illuminating optical device (109) for allowing an illuminating light from a light source (101) to enter the optical modulation units, and a projection optical system (125) for projecting illuminating lights output from the optical modulation units, wherein a variable aperture stop device (200) is disposed in the vicinity of the pupil position of the projection optical system (125), and the stop device (200) is disposed so that the contrast characteristics of the optical modulation units match their stop shapes at stop opening/closing 
This invention provides a process for continuously producing lace-like felt having poriform openings by intentionally producing pilling. 
A defibrated lap is fed to a fulling apparatus. 
In the fulling apparatus, a table (10), a cloth (a canvas) (11) provided on the table, a cloth (a canvas) (12), a sheet-like felt (13), a cloth (a canvas) (12), a lap (14), a cloth (a canvas) (12) a sheet-like felt (13), and a fulling board (15) are disposed in that order. 
The lap is superimposed between clothes on the inner side of the sheet-like felt (13). 
Steaming is carried out, followed by fulling by a fulling board at a predetermined temperature for a predetermined period of time. 
As a result, pilling is forcibly generated, and the fabric thus formed is in a felt form (a lace-like felt) having openings. 
Fulling is carried out by eccentrically moving a hardening board relative to the lap. 
The percentage opening can be brought to a desired level by regulating the eccentric level, the lap level, and the fulling time 
[PROBLEMS] To provide a display device and method capable of correctly extracting a predetermined character string from text data and displaying it in a peculiar format which can be easily distinguished. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] Tag extraction means (100) extracts a format setting tag from text data. 
Tag saving means (101) stores the extracted tag together with the position information in the text data, in tag storage means (13) and removes the tag. 
Next, peculiar display character string extraction means (102) extracts a character string to be displayed by using a peculiar format from the text data after saving the tag. 
Peculiar format tag write-in means (103) writes the format setting tag in accordance with the peculiar format in the text data. 
Furthermore, tag reset means (104) references the storage means (13) and writes in the format setting tag. 
Display means (105) displays the text data 
A motor apparatus for moving sliding gates comprises means (20) for guiding and supporting the moving portion of the gate (10) and a motor-reduction unit (17) suitable for moving said moving portion of the gate. 
The guiding and support means (20) and the motor-reduction unit (17) are carried by a box body (13) fixed to the top of one of the gate posts (11) and suitable for allowing the passage of the moving portion of the gate therein, the guiding and support means (20) and the motor-reduction unit (17) engaging the top edge of the moving portion of the gate (10) at opposed sides 
A method of combined exchange of image data and further data being related to the image data, the image data being represented by a first two-dimensional matrix of image data elements and the further data being represented by a second two-dimensional matrix of further data elements is disclosed. 
The method comprises combining the first two- dimensional matrix and the second two-dimensional matrix into a combined two-dimensional matrix of data elements 
A device (100) that includes a first memory unit (110) adapted to store encrypted instructions, a processor (120) adapted to execute decrypted instructions, a second memory unit (130) accessible by the processor (120), and a decryption unit (140). 
The device (100) is characterized by including a key database (145) and a key selection circuit (150), wherein the key selection circuit (150) is adapted to select a selected decryption key from the key database (145) for decrypting encrypted instructions. 
The selection is responsive to a fixed selection information stored within the integrated circuit and to received key selection information. 
A method (200) that includes a stage of receiving (230) encrypted instructions; and executing (290) decrypted instructions by a processor. 
The method is characterizedby receiving (240) key selection information, selecting (260) a selected decryption key out of a key database in response to fixed selection information and to the received key selection information, and decrypting (270) encrypted instructions using the selected decryption key 
The invention concerns novel cosmetic compositions, more particularly for treating skin or hair, comprising an artificial ampholytic copolymer. 
The invention also concerns the use of the polymer in cosmetic compositions. 
The polymer comprises units derived from a polycationic monomer and units derived from a monomer with acid character 
An underwater viewing unit comprises a tube (10) which can be inserted into a passage opening in an air mattress, a rest provided at the upper end of the tube for the viewer's head, and a transparent disc (14) arranged in the tube (10). 
The headrest is formed by an inflatable bead body (11) which is connected to the upper tube edge, extends over less than 360° and leaves a peripheral region (15) outside the tube free for free breathing 
A glazed solar collector with a frame surrounding an absorber. 
The frame is provided with an inwardly and/or outwardly directed attachment ledge (1a) to which the glazing(4) is attached. 
A protective Stripping (9) covers the edges of the cover pane(4) and is provided with a ledge (9b) that rests on the attachment ledge (1a). 
The side- and end panels(l) of the frame include an inwardly projecting bottom ledge (1b) to which a backsheet(5) may be attached by means of welding or TOXing(22) . 
The bottom ledge (Ib) also includes an outwardly projecting ledge that is provided with spaced through going bores along the length of the side- and end panels for i-eceiving fasteners (20) therein that allow the collector to be fastened to a roof structure (19) or the like 
An interface of a tool system having a clamping device (15) for two respective adjoining parts (3, 5;3, 61, 3',5) of the tool system is proposed, a first part (3) having a clamping element (17) which is assigned essentially coaxially to a centre axis (9) of the interface (1) and has a clamping head, and a second part (5) having an eccentric (53) which seizes the clamping head (19) and is arranged essentially perpendicular to the centre axis (9). 
Said interface is distinguished by the fact that the clamping element (17) is split in two and comprises a first section (27) and a second section (29), and the first section (27) passes through the first part (3) from one side and the second section (29) seizes the first section (27) from an opposite side 
A method for knitting manufactured articles with circular knitting machines, particularly high-fineness circular knitting machines, which consists in that at least once during the formation of the manufactured article the number of active needles is reduced by transferring the last loop of knitting formed by certain needles to contiguous needles and thus excluding from knitting the needles that have transferred the loop of knitting during the formation of at least one subsequent row of knitting by the other needles that are kept active. 
This provides a manufactured article which has regions knitted with a certain number of needles and regions knitted with a smaller number of needles, obtaining particular transparency or shaping effects on the manufacture 
The quick-release device for attaching a vertical load bearing wire (32) to a supporting wire (30), which extends in a plane that is essentially perpendicular to the load bearing wire (32), is used for growing climbing plants along said load bearing wire (32). 
The device comprises a bracket (1) having clip-on fastening means for being suspended from the supporting wire (30), and holding means for assuring the suspension of the load bearing wire (32). 
The holding means have a female element provided in the carrier (1) and is capable of interacting with a male element fixed to the load bearing wire (32) 
A multi-function T-tube (1) comprising a longitudinal arm (4) and a transverse arm (10). 
The T-tube (1) is provided with a T-tube lumen (11). 
A drug-infusion tube (5) and an air-infusion tube (6) are arranged in the T-tube (1). 
One end of the drug-infusion tube (5) is extended from the upper portion of the longitudinal arm (10) to form a drug-infusion port (2) which is provided with a self-closed valve (3). 
The other end of the drug-infusion tube (5) is extended from one end of the transverse arm (10). 
One end of the air-infusion tube (6) is extended from the upper portion of the longitudinal arm (10) to form an air-infusion port (8) which is provided with a self-closed valve (7). 
Each of the other two ends of the air-infusion tube (6) is connected to a balloon (9) respectively. 
The two balloons (9) are contained in the left portion and the right portion of the transverse arm (10) respectively. 
A screw cap is provided on the self-closed valve (3) of the drug-infusion port. 
The multi-function T-tube is used for cholangiography and treatment of bile duct strictures, and for performing hemostasis by balloon-obstruction in the common bile duct and medicine hemostasis treatment in the closed bile duct simultaneously 
A teat dip applicator (31) and method direct a teat dip to a teat cup liner head (60) that defines a chamber (62) and nozzle (65) through which teat dip flows to coat an animal teat prior to and during detachment of a milker unit from a dairy animal 
Methods and apparatuses are disclosed that utilize the discrete Fourier transform of time domain responses to generate beamforming weights for wireless communication. 
In addition, in some embodiments frequency subcarriers constituting less than all of the frequency subcarriers allocated for communication to a user may utilized for generating the beamforming weights 
A method and apparatus for detecting and tracking objects using infrared sensors are disclosed. 
The system is preferably an IRST (infrared, search and tracking) system, and it includes at least one or more infrared sensors, a receiver and a processor. 
The receiver receives image data from the infrared sensors having a predetermined field of view. 
The image data includes a reference image, which is preferably a current frame, and a search image, which is preferably a previous frame. 
The image data is classified to determine whether the image data includes relatively low clutter or relatively high clutter. 
When the image data includes relatively high clutter of the type typically found in an urban area, the processor performs spot time-difference processing on multiple frames of the image data. 
The processor detects a moving object from the multiple frames of image data, and it is also capable of detecting stationary objects and random objects 
The present invention relates to methods for producing metal-coated palladium or palladium-alloy particles. 
The method includes contacting hydrogen-absorbed palladium or palladium-alloy particles with one or more metal salts to produce a sub-monoatomic or monoatomic metal- or metal-alloy coating on the surface of the hydrogen-absorbed palladium or palladium-alloy particles. 
The invention also relates to methods for producing catalysts and methods for producing electrical energy using the metal-coated palladium or palladium-alloy particles of the present invention 
When a hand shake reducing mode has been set for shooting a subject, an exposure is controlled in accordance with a program diagram (solid line) B for the shake reducing mode, which is different from a program diagram (broken line) A for a normal mode. 
In a state where a shutter speed is set to less than "1/80", two-pixel addition and/or four-pixel addition is executed on an imaging signal to amplify subject luminance, raising ISO sensitivity. 
A shutter speed set to fall in a high speed range reduces deterioration in image quality due to hand shake and/or subject movement during a shooting operation 
A phosphor for white light emitting element having blue to ultraviolet light as a light source. 
A resin composition containing phosphor contains one or more kinds of phosphor particles selected from a group composed of a nitride and an oxynitride, and one or more kinds of resins selected from a group composed of an epoxy resin, a silicone resin, and a resin including fluorine 
Whether to inhibit recording or not is appropriately judged in accordance with the type of a recording/reproducing device. 
An optical disc (1) is an optical disc for recording or reproducing information by laser beam irradiation. 
The optical disc is provided with a recoding area (6) for recording information, and a management area for recording management information of the optical disc (1). 
The management area has a recording inhibiting flag area (7) wherein information can be recorded by the recording/reproducing device, and at least two independent pieces of identifying information for identifying whether to inhibit recording or not at least at two recording linear speeds, respectively, are recorded 
A body surface-protective composition comprising at least one multi-chain multi-hydrophilic group-containing compound which has two or more hydrophobic groups and two or more hydrophilic groups in the molecule, which is excellent in the effect of promoting the recovery of the barrier function of the skin or hair and the effect of preventing the decrease in the barrier function of the skin or hair 
A power line propagation communication system wherein power line propagation communication units (6b,6c) are coupled, via low voltage distribution line couplers (18a,18b), to a communication line (13c) provided for the monitoring/control of a switching device (11c) that performs electrical connection/disconnection between low voltage distribution lines (3a,3b,3c) and high voltage distribution lines (1a,1b,1c), thereby performing communication between the communication terminal apparatuses or between the communication terminal apparatus and an upper-order network (9) via the communication line (13c) and power line propagation communication units (6b,6c). 
Because of the connection of the low voltage distribution line couplers to the communication line, there is no need of conducting any power interruption and electrical work or the like of the low voltage distribution lines that would otherwise be required for the connection of the low voltage distribution line couplers 
[PROBLEMS] To provide a sound absorbing structure capable of preventing sound wave in a wide band from leaking to the outside by absorbing it, reproducing an intended undertone in a restricted room, and preventing noise from occurring. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] This sound absorbing structure comprises a sound channel formed of wall surfaces and allowing sound wave to pass therethrough. 
The sound channel comprises a constricted part, in its cross section, so formed that the rate of decrease of its area is gradually decreased at least on its inlet side 
A lithium secondary battery that exhibits a high open-circuit voltage between battery contacts at the completion of electric charge, being capable of suppressing the rate of gas generation during continuous electric charge, and that excels in cycle characteristics. 
For providing such a lithium secondary battery, in the electrolyte, there is incorporated a vinyl ethylene carbonate derivative together with a vinylene carbonate derivative; or incorporated 0.01 to 5 wt.% of any of lactones having a substituent at its a-position; or incorporated 0.01 to 5 wt.% of any of lactones having a carbon to carbon unsaturated bond; or incorporated a sulfonate compound of the formula: wherein L is a bivalent linkage group composed of carbon and hydrogen atoms, and R<SUP>30</SUP>s each independently are unsubstituted or fluorine-substituted aliphatic saturated hydrocarbon groups 
Provided are an oxygen-absorbing resin composition, which is excellent in an oxygen absorbing property, absorbs the oxygen remaining in a container after sealing and secures good preservability for the contents in a container, and further is improved in formability, the dispersibility of an oxygen-absorbing agent, the stability of an oxygen-absorbing capability, the performance capability for the prevention of the exfoliation or separation of an oxygen-absorbing agent from a base resin, the lowering of the sealing property of a sealing section, and the like, which are problems in the case of using a conventional resin composition containing an oxygen-absorbing agent having high oxygen absorbability, but low compatibility with a base resin; and an oxygen absorbing container cap and an oxygen absorbing container stopper portion using the resin composition. 
The oxygen-absorbing resin composition is characterized in that it comprises a base resin and an oxygen absorbing agent containing particles having a size of 1000 µm or less in an amount of 20 % or more which is dispersed in the base resin in amount of 20 % or less relative to the base resin 
[PROBLEMS] To provide an agricultural-chemical granulated wettable powder which is satisfactory in producibility and dispersion stability in water; and a process for producing the powder. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] The agricultural-chemical granulated wettable powder is produced by wet-grinding a suspension comprising an agricultural-chemical active ingredient having a melting point of 55-100°C, a surfactant, and water and then spray-drying the suspension and has a weight loss through drying of 0.1-5.0 mass%. 
The process for agricultural-chemical granulated wettable powder production is characterized by wet-grinding a suspension comprising an agricultural-chemical active ingredient having a melting point of 55-100°C, a surfactant, and water and then spray-drying the suspension to obtain an agricultural-chemical granulated wettable powder having a weight loss through drying of 0.1-5.0 mass% 
There are provided a communication device, a communication control method, a communication control program, and a computer-readable recording medium containing the communication control program capable of reducing the load on an electric device. 
An adapter (102) connecting the electric device (106) to an ECHONET network includes: a device object storage unit (131) for storing in advance, object configuration information on the electric device (106) to be connected; an object configuration check unit (122) for checking whether the object configuration information stored in advance in the device object storage unit (131) coincides with the object configuration information acquired from the connected electric device (106); and a network access processing unit (124) for communicably connecting the electric device (106) to the ECHONET network when the object configuration check unit (122) has confirmed that the two object configuration information coincide 
There is provided a process by which polyoxyethylene 2,4-diisooctylphenyl ether can stably be produced 
The invention relates to a tool (12, 112) for the electrochemical machining of a fuel injection device (10, 110), said tool comprising an electrode holder (22, 122) and an electrode element (24, 124) which forms a cathode during the machining of the fuel injection device (10, 110), in order to be able to electrochemically remove material from the fuel injection device (10, 110) in a machining region (18). The electrode element (24, 124) is arranged in such a way that it can be displaced in relation to the electrode holder (22, 122) 
Disclosed is a device (10) for positioning and blocking thin silicon wafers (14) after wire-sawing a silicon wafer block (13). 
Said device (10) comprises a cassette (17) that accommodates the wafer block (13) and is provided with two contact strips (20) whose sides facing the wafer block (13) encompass elements (32, 33, 34, 36) which engage into the narrow cutting gap (15) between the wafers (14) so as to maintain the distance and provide support. 
This allows the wafers to be fixed in the position thereof even after removing a supporting glass plate (11) such that particularly the gap (15) in the area of the former connecting point (25) to the removed supporting glass plate (11) is maintained and the subsequent singulation process is simplified 
The invention relates to a locking device (l) for a steering spindle, comprising a locking bolt arrangement (3), a control element (4) which is coupled to the locking bolt arrangement (3) in such a manner that the locking bolt arrangement (3) can be displaced in the axial direction thereof between a locking position and a release end position by rotating the control element (4), control electronics which are used to control the motor drive and a sensor arrangement (19) which is coupled to the control electronics (19) and which is used to detect at least one axial position of the locking bolt arrangement (3). 
The control electronics switch off the motor drive when the locking bolt arrangement is displaced in the axial direction from the locking position to the release end position and the sensor arrangement emits an output signal which displays when a switching off position of the locking bolt arrangement has been reached. 
The sensor arrangement is embodied in such a manner that the output signal can receive a plurality of monotone output signal values which are dependent on the axial position thereof, at least in one displacement interval of the locking bolt arrangement (3) precedent to the release end position and comprising a desired switching position, thus enabling the desired switching position to be selected by selecting an associated output signal value. 
The control electronics comprise a selection device which enables one of the desired switching off positions, which corresponds to the output signal value as a threshold value to be selected, such that a signal is emitted when the motor drive is switched off, when the threshold value is reached, exceeded or is fallen below 
A pressure-sensitive adhesive tape, in particular for producing a bond between optical liquid crystal data displays (LCDs), comprising an upper and a lower side with light-reflecting properties on the upper side and light-absorbing properties on the lower side and further comprising a support film with an upper and a lower side, each side of the pressure-sensitive adhesive tape having an outer pressure-sensitive layer, and said adhesive tape being characterised in that at least one metallic reflective layer for the reflection of light is provided between the outer pressure-sensitive layers of at least one pressure-sensitive adhesive layer, coloured black, for the absorption of light and in that at least the outer pressure-sensitive layer on the upper side is transparent 
An oral solid dosage form containing one or several active principle(s) having analgesic properties, the composition of said dosage form being such that it prevents the misuse of said dosage form through the liquid extraction of the active principle(s) contained therein, using commonly available solvents. 
Said oral solid dosage form containing at least one salt of at least one analgesic active principle, and an anti-misuse system comprising at least one quenching agent, said quenching agent being suitable for inducing complexation of said analgesic active principle salt when the analgesic active principle salt is improperly extracted, notably by a drug abuser, in vitro in solution from said oral solid dosage form 
An object comprising an electrically conductive body part, e.g. comprising copper or silver, and a layer comprising a refractory metal, preferably tantalum. 
At least part of the refractory metal layer has been transformed into an electrically conductive ceramic material, preferably a tantalum boride. 
The refractory metal layer improves the corrosion resistant properties of the object and the ceramic material prevents oxidation of the refractory metal layer, and thereby passivation of the object during conduction of a current. 
The object is suitable for use as an electrode in corrosive environments. 
The object is cost effective because passivation can be avoided without applying a layer of precious metal. 
Also a method of forming the object in which the ceramic material is preferably provided by applying boride in a gaseous or solid phase and heating the object 
The present invention relates to a typesetting document preprocessing method, it also belongs to the flied of processing computer information. 
There is no effective typesetting file preprocessing method in the prior art. 
As typesetting a file, if there are errors in the source file the existing typesetting software will cause various kinds of errors such as incorrect previewing picture and typesetting can not be output correct. 
And if the source file is not compressed, it will cause the file produced by the typesetting is relatively big, and affects the efficiency. 
The method of the invention firstly preprocesses a file to be put- in to generate a standard compressed EPS file with previewing picture as typesetting by the existing typesetting software, and then uses the EPS file processed to typeset. 
The method ensures the correct typeset result after the existing typesetting software put in the file and the result file is relative small so as to be easy to store and transmit 
Hydrofluoroalkanesulfonates of the general formula R-O-CXH-CX<SUB>2</SUB>-SO<SUB>3</SUB>M, where R is selected from the group consisting of alkyl groups, functionalized alkyl groups, and alkenyl groups; X is selected from the group consisting of hydrogen and fluorine with the proviso that at least one X is fluorine; and M is a cation, are made by reacting fluorovinyl ether with aqueous sulfite solution. 
Organic onium hydrofluoroalkanesulfonates are useful as ionic liquids and photoacid generators 
Embodiments of the invention provide an efficient and effective technique for storing and dispensing reagent beads. 
In one embodiment, an apparatus is provided for dispensing reagent beads contained in a bead storage device which includes a bead carrier having a plurality of wells; a plurality of reagent beads disposed in the wells; and a cover tape releasably attached to the bead carrier to cover the wells and retain the reagent beads in the wells. 
The apparatus comprises a channel in which to place the bead storage device with the bead carrier facing a support wall of the channel and the cover tape facing a stripping wall of the channel. 
The stripping wall includes a stripping gap disposed between a stripping edge and an opposite edge, and a dispense opening provided adjacent the opposite edge on a side of the stripping wall opposite from the stripping edge. 
The cover tape is insertable through the stripping gap to be pulled against the stripping edge to peel the cover tape from the bead carrier to move the wells of the bead carrier inside the channel toward the dispense opening and expose the wells individually to dispense the reagent beads 
Rate sensor having a plurality of generally planar masses, means for driving the masses to oscillate about a drive axis in the planes of the masses, an input axis perpendicular to the drive axis, sense axes perpendicular to the drive axis and the input axis, means mounting the masses for torsional movement about the sense axes in response to Coriolis forces produced by rotation of the masses about the input axis, and means responsive to the torsional movement about the sense axis for monitoring rate of rotation about the input axis 
Rate sensor comprising two generally planar proof masses, means for driving the masses to oscillate in phase opposition about parallel drive axes in the planes of the masses, an input axis perpendicular to the drive axes, sense axes perpendicular to the drive axes and the input axis, means mounting the masses for torsional movement about the sense axes in response to Coriolis forces produced by rotation of the masses about the input axis, means constraining the two masses for anti-phase movement about both the drive axes and the sense axes, sensing frames coupled to the masses for movement in response to the torsional movement of the masses about the sense axes, and means responsive to movement of the sensing frames for monitoring rate of rotation about the input axis 
A panel structure (10) and a method of forming the panel structure (10) are disclosed. 
The panel structure (10) typically includes at least one panel (12) associated with a material (16). 
The panel structure (10) has been found particularly advantageous for use as an interior panel of an airplane 
Discloses are: a peptide having a suppressive effect on food intake which can be administered or taken orally and is applicable to a human body, particularly the peptide which is inexpensive and practically useful, has less bitter taste, and is safe and easy to be taken into a body; and a food-intake suppresser, food, pharmaceutical composition, feeding stuff or the like comprising the peptide. 
A composition comprising a peptide which can be produced by digesting ß-conglycinin with an enzyme capable of predominantly cleaving a peptide bond on the carboxyl side in an arginine residue and which has a promoting activity on the secretion of cholecystokinin or a suppressive activity on food intake 
Disclosed is a rubber composition containing 100 parts by weight of an ethylene-alkyl acrylate copolymer rubber, 5-40 parts by weight of EPDM, 1-40 parts by weight of an a-olefin oligomer, 0.5-4 parts by weight of an organic peroxide crosslinking agent, 0.5-4 parts by weight of an amine vulcanizing agent and 300-1000 parts by weight of a magnetic powder. 
This rubber composition is a rubber composition blended with much of a magnetic powder which uses an ethylene-alkyl acrylate copolymer rubber having an amine-vulcanizable group as a binder and can be effectively used for a bond magnet for sensors or the like. 
This rubber composition does not foam during vulcanization forming while being excellent in workability such as mold releasability 
An image pickup apparatus, which has a constant-voltage driven stepping motor, comprises a PWM waveform generating part (4) that generates pulse signals to be applied to switching elements (Q1-Q4); and a PWM waveform deciding part (3) that decides a PWM waveform to be generated by the PWM waveform generating part (4). 
The PWM waveform deciding part (3) designates, in accordance with the designated rotational speed value and output torque value of the stepping motor, a duty ratio width that is a range extending from the minimum to the maximum of the duty ratio of the pulse signals. 
It is designed that the higher the rotational speed value is, the wider the duty ratio width is 
It is possible to plot a curve having an appropriate width in accordance with the display scan by simple calculation processing without using a frame buffer. 
A coordinate calculation unit (2) calculates coordinates to be plotted from an expression of an original curve. 
An inclination calculation unit (3) calculates the inclination of the tangent of the original curve. 
A horizontal width addition unit (4) performs calculation to add a width in the horizontal direction to the original curve. 
A vertical width addition unit (5) adds a width in the vertical direction to the original curve and performs calculation to convert it into a vector of the horizontal direction. 
According to the inclination of the tangent calculated by the inclination calculation unit (3), a selection unit (6) switches between use of the calculation result of the horizontal width addition unit (4) and use of the calculation result of the vertical width addition unit (5). 
An output unit (8) outputs an image signal of each pixel in accordance with the scan of the display screen. 
Thus, it is possible to plot the curve having a width with respect to the original curve 
According to an inventive fitting out, an aircraft cabin section comprises: at least one longitudinally extending aisle (8); seats placed in rows transversal to the longitudinal aisles (8), and; at least one set of aligned overhead baggage compartments (12), the baggage compartments (12) being aligned in a transversal direction and placed above the seats 
The invention relates to a windshield washer device, particularly for a motor vehicle, comprising a fastening device (10) for fastening the windshield washer device to the motor vehicle. 
Until now, windshield washer devices were mainly fastened by means of screwed connections and plugging locations on the vehicle body. 
The aim of the invention is to reduce the effort of mounting in order to fasten the windshield washer device to the vehicle body. 
To this end, the inventive windshield washer device can be clamped firmly to a vehicle body sheet (13) of a vehicle body by the fastening device (10) 
This invention is related to a method and a moulding device (100) for making a cast of a surface. 
The moulding device comprises a first moulding chamber part (30), which is adapted to be placed adjacent the surface and to form a moulding chamber (16) together with the surface. 
Moulding material can be introduced into the moulding chamber via an inlet (9), and one or more outlets (20, 21) serves to drain the moulding chamber from any entrapped liquid or gas. 
Further, at least one test pece (17) with surface defects, having well-known characteristics is provided in the moulding device for making at least one imprint on said cast surface. Hereby, a quality test of said cast can be performed 
A ceramic forming batch mixture including inorganic batch materials, such as sources of alumina, titania, and silica, a pore former combination including first and second pore formers with different compositions; an organic binder; and a solvent. 
Also disclosed is a method for producing a ceramic article involving mixing the inorganic batch materials with the pore former combination having first and second pore formers of different composition, adding an organic binder and a solvent, forming a green body; and firing the green body. 
A green body having a combination of first and second pore formers with different compositions is disclosed, as are several methods for firing to produce ceramic articles such as aluminum titanate 
An image sensor includes a plurality of photodetectors (20; 30) arranged in an array,- and a plurality of transistors (60; 90) that are functionally shared by the photodetectors, wherein a distance of each photodetector to an adjacent transistor is substantially the same 
The invention pertains to a method of improving flux in a membrane bioreactor (4) having membrane (5) by adding an effective amount of cationic, amphoteric, and zwitterionic polymers, or a combination thereof. 
The membrane bioreactor (4) is in a system also including an aerobic reactor (2) and anaerobic digester (3) 
A muffling apparatus (100) is provided for placement within an oil separator of refrigeration or cooling system, wherein the apparatus has a non-straight shape and a lumen (160) defined therein to allow for noise-creating pressure pulsations/waves to come into contact with absorbing material (110) of the muffling apparatus in order to attenuate the energy of the pressure waves/pulsations into heat and thus reduce oil separator vibrations caused thereby 
The present invention relates to a manufacturing method of the controlled-release tablet comprising doxazocin mesylate. 
The manufacturing method of the present invention is simple and economical, and can provide the controlled-release tablet that releases doxazocin mesylate at zero-order rate for 12 hours and has reduced content variation and dissolution variation. 
Therefore, the manufacturing method of the present invention can provide a cost-effective controlled-release tablet comprising doxazocin mesylate that shows its efficacy for a long time, and has reduced in vivo absorption variation 
The present invention relates to the a method for manufacturing high strength ultra-fine/nano-structured aluminum/aluminum nitride or aluminum alloy/aluminum nitride composites using mechanical milling or mechanical alloying process which is conducted in the nitride-forming atmosphere such as nitrogen gas (N ), ammonia gas (NH ) or mixed gas including both gases, subsequent heat treatment process, and hot consolidation process. 
Also, high strength ultra-fine/nano-structured Al/ ALN or Al alloy/ ALN composite materials fabricated by the method of present invention have superior mechanical strength and heat resistance to those fabricated by conventional powder metallurgy process or liquid processes 
The present invention generally relates to a system for blocking spam mail and a method of the same, and the system in accordance with the present invention, comprising: a mail transceiver receiving the e-mail, temporarily storing the e-mail in a temporary storage for a set time after authentication mail is transmitted, and deleting the e-mail if a sender's response is not received within the set time, then transmitting the temporarily stored e-mail to mail accounts of recipients of a mail server if the sender's response is received within the set time; an authenticator list classifying and storing, according to each recipient, an e-mail address of the sender authenticated through the authentication mail and an e-mail address of a random sender registered by the recipients of the e-mail to receive the e-mail without authentication; and an authentication processor retrieving whether the e-mail address of the sender is included in the authenticator list, sending the authentication mail to the e-mail address of the sender if the e-mail address of the sender is not included in the authenticator list, and authenticating the sender according to the sender's access and response for the authentication mail 
The present invention relates to a therapeutic reagent for hepatitis C comprising HCV specific short interfering RNA (siRNA) as an effective ingredient. 
The siRNA of the invention is a double-stranded RNA specific for the nucleotide sequence of HCV which induces viral RNA degradation in mammalian cells and thereby inhibits HCV protein expression and replication. 
The method of the invention, which includes the step of administrating the synthetic siRNA or a DNA vector encoding the RNA, is thus effective for the treatment of HCV carrier by inhibiting HCV gene expression and replication 
A system and method for controlling congestion using Request-to-Send (RTS) and Clear-to-Send (CTS) in a wireless mesh network are provided. 
A receiver in a congestion state sets a duration field value of congestion control in a CTS frame and transmits the CTS frame to a sender. 
In response, the sender retransmits an RTS frame to the receiver without transmitting data, after waiting for an RTS retransmission waiting time period corresponding to the duration field value. 
The congestion state information is broadcast to neighboring nodes. 
Therefore, the congestion control system using the CTS frame does not use a separate frame for the congestion control. 
And, all of the neighboring nodes can participate in the congestion control, increasing the network efficiency 
A recording medium, apparatus for reproducing data, method thereof, apparatus for storing data and method thereof are disclosed, in which the recording medium is reproduced using data in a persistent storage data. 
The present invention includes identifying a provider directory for a content provider of a recording medium in a persistent storage by using provider identification information in configuration file of the recording medium; accessing one or more content directories under the provider directory by an application recorded in the recording medium; reading data in the persistent storage; and reproducing the read data according to an execution of the application 
A technology is disclosed for eliminating inefficient and redundant routes occurred in case of forwarding a packet sent and received by a mobile node attached behind the mobile router, with a mobile router connected behind MAP (Mobility Anchor Point) which comprises the function of HMIP. 
According to this technology, MAP 120 delegates, for example, its own network prefix to the mobile router (MR) 140 which is connected under the control of the MAP. 
MR advertises this delegated prefix within the mobile network 104. 
The mobile node (MN) 150 attached to the mobile network configures its care-of address by using this prefix from MAP, and registers RCoA (Regional care-of address) and LcoA (Local care-of address) at MAP. 
MAP, receiving the packet addressed to RCoA of MN, checks that LCoA of MN includes the delegated prefix, and then tunnels the packet to the MR that is at the upper-level of MN 
A high tensile steel product having a tensile strength of 600 MPa or higher and being excellent in delayed fracture resistance, characterized in that it has such a composition, in mass %, that C: 0.02 to 0.25 %, Si: 0.01 to 0.8 %, Mn: 0.5 to 2.0 %, Al: 0.005 to 0.1 %, N: 0.0005 to 0.008 %, P: 0.03 % or less, S: 0.03 % or less, one or more of Mo, Nb, V and Ti: a specific amount, and the balance: Fe and inevitable impurities, and it contains precipitates containing one or more of Mo, Nb, V and Ti, and includes doposits having an average particle diameter of 20 nm or less in an amount of 5 pieces/250000 nm<SUP>2</SUP> or more; and a method for the production thereof 
According to the present invention, the adaptability to producing the cellulose acylate film and the surface properties of the cellulose acylate film produced by means of the melt film-forming method can be remarkably improved. 
Accordingly, there is also improved the surface properties of a stretched cellulose acylate film produced by stretching such an unstretched cellulose acylate film 
This invention provides an image fading preventive agent, which can prevent color change and fading of the formed image and can stably maintain image quality for a long period of time, an element for image formation, a recording medium, a method for image formation, and an image using the same. 
An image is formed by using the image fading preventive agent used at a site where an image is formed with a coloring material and characterized by having in its molecule a functional group which causes intramolecular proton transfer, an element for image formation, a recording medium, and a method for image formation 
There is provided a method for producing a thermoplastic film, which can suppress the occurrence of residual strain in the film caused by the polishing roller method to prevent the occurrence of stretch non-uniformity in stretching operation and provide a film that has excellent optical characteristics. 
The molten resin extruded from a die into a sheet is fed between a pair of polishing rollers and cooled while being held and pressed between them so that a cellulose acylate film is formed. 
The surface of the polishing roller is made up of a fluorine resin 
An element group having a transistor is formed over a substrate and a conductive film to be a dummy pattern is formed over the element group by pushing out a paste including conductive particles from a first opening portion, and then a conductive film functioning as an antenna is formed continuously thereafter so as to electrically connect with the transistor, by pushing out a paste including conductive particles from a second opening portion. 
Therefore, an element group having a transistor, provided over a substrate; a first conductive film functioning as an antenna provided over the element group and is electrically connected to the transistor; a second conductive film to be a dummy pattern provided to be adjacent to the first conductive film and is not electrically connected to the transistor; are included 
A leather product provided with glossy fast print without any detriment to the inherent drape of leather through realization of application of a thermal sublimation transfer technique to natural leather. 
There is provided a sublimation transfer print coated leather produced by transferring of an image containing a sublimable dye onto a surface of leather sequentially furnished with a monolayer or multilayer type undercoat layer containing a resin for general leather coating and an upper coat layer containing a dyeing resin and a crosslinking agent optionally together with a peel layer consisting of a peel resin. 
Further, there is provided a process for producing a sublimation transfer print coated leather by transferring an image onto a leather surface according to a thermal sublimation transfer technique 
This invention provides a sputtering target that has low refractive index and, at the same time, low bulk resistance. 
The sputtering target comprises Al<SUB>2</SUB>O<SUB>3</SUB>: 0.2 to 3.0 at% and MgO and/or SiO<SUB>2</SUB>: 1 to 27 at% with the balance consisting of ZnO. 
There is also provided a process for producing a sputtering target having low refractive index and, at the same time, low bulk resistance, characterized by comprising previously mixing Al<SUB>2</SUB>O<SUB>3</SUB> powder and ZnO powder as raw materials, calcining the mixture, mixing the calcined Al<SUB>2</SUB>O<SUB>3</SUB>-ZnO mixed powder with MgO and/or SiO<SUB>2</SUB> powder, and then sintering the mixture. 
Further, a target for optical thin film formation, which is free from sulfur, has low bulk resistance, can realize DC sputtering, has low refractive index, and a process for producing the same are also provided. 
The target has high transmittance and is formed of a non-sulfide system and thus is useful for the formation of a thin film for an optical information recording medium that adjacent reflective layer and recording layer are less likely to be deteriorated. 
Further, improved properties of the optical information recording medium, reduced equipment cost, and significantly improved throughput by virtue of an improved film formation speed can be realized 
There is provided a light-sensitive system responsive to light supplied by the system and less responsive to other light. 
The system includes a light source operable to supply time-modulated illumination, and a light sensor having greater response to the time-modulated illumination than to light from sources not so modulated. 
The invention may be embodied as a camera sensitive to supplied light and relatively insensitive to ambient light, and is useful in providing images for automated image interpretation. 
A method for photographing an object is also provided 
This invention is concerned with compounds of the formula (1) wherein R<SUP>1</SUP> to R<SUP>5</SUP>, R<SUP>5'</SUP> and A are as defined in the description and claims, and pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof. 
The invention further relates to pharmaceutical compositions containing such compounds, to a process for their preparation and to their use for the treatment and/or prevention of diseases which are associated with the modulation of SST receptors subtype 5 
A process for producing an object having at least two component parts (3, 4) which can move relative to one another is proposed. 
This involves preparing geometrical data of the entire object for a rapid prototyping process, with a predetermined minimum spacing between the moving parts being taken into consideration. 
According to the predetermined geometrical data, a first material as support material and a second material as material for the component parts are applied in layers, the support material filling gaps including those constituting the minimum spacing between the respective material for the component parts. 
Following completion of the layered construction, the support material is removed 
The pressurized CO<SUB>2</SUB> gas source is an insert which can be attached with sealing in an orifice of the vessel. 
The insert has a high-pressure CO<SUB>2</SUB> cartridge (14), a pressure control valve for delivering CO<SUB>2</SUB> therefrom and an actuator (24, 40) accessible from the outside, actuation of which allows the high-pressure CO<SUB>2</SUB> cartridge (14) to be pierced. 
The actuator can be locked automatically after first actuation and can be blocked against repeated actuation 
The invention relates to a fixable nonwoven interlining material used in the textile industry comprising at least one melt-spun fibre layer and at least one other fibre layer, wherein said fixable interlining material is provided with an adhesive substance at least in partial areas thereof. 
The aim of said invention is to develop a highly-elastic fixable interlining material. 
For this purpose, the melt-spun fibres are made of an elastic fibrous material, at least one layer of the fibrous material consists of discontinuous fibres, at least one melt-spun fibre layer and at least one discontinuous fibre layer are placed on each other in such a way that a flat unconsolidated fibre aggregate is formed and are subsequently consolidated by a known bonding process 
The invention provides an electrically-conductive material, comprising a support, in particular, a plastic or a binder, and electrically-conductive pigments, distributed in said support. 
The aim of said invention is to achieve an increased electrical conductivity with little impairment of the mechanical properties of said material. 
Said aim is achieved, whereby the electrically-conductive pigments have a wide size distribution and/or different forms. 
Said invention also relates to a method for producing an electrically-conductive material 
The present invention is directed to a system and method for detecting impaired electric power equipment. 
An exemplary embodiment of the present invention may receive electromagnetic radiation and process the resulting signal. 
For example, signal processing may be used to identify electromagnetic radiation having a particular pattern that is characteristic of electric power equipment. 
Furthermore, an embodiment of the present invention may determine the time and/or location during testing. 
As a result, the present invention may be useful for stationary and/or mobile testing of an electrical system 
High-density arrays, representing approximately 115,000 single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) loci, were used to measure genome-wide copy number changes in primary human lung carcinoma specimens and cell lines derived from human lung carcinomas. 
Changes in DNA copy number contribute to cancer pathogenesis. 
Recurrent high-level amplifications and homozygous deletions were identified. 
Systematic copy number analysis identified high-level amplification of numerous genetic loci 
A cervical canal dilator having an elongate tubular shaft that defines at least two internal lumens that are juxtaposed to a longitudinal axis. 
A first inflatable member is positioned on the outer surface of the shaft and is in communication with the first lumen. While a second inflatable member is also positioned on the outer surface of the shaft. 
The second inflatable, however, is longer than and completely covers the first inflatable member. 
Additionally, the second member is fabricated of a non-elastic material that limits the inflation of the second member to a predetermined maximum diameter of inflation. 
The device, also, has a control system which controls the fluids and/or gases that enter the lumens 
A method of detecting circulating DNA in a body fluid. 
The method comprises identifying a subject suffering from or at risk for developing cancer, obtaining a body fluid sample from the subject, and determining the sequence integrity of circulating DNA in the sample, wherein the circulating DNA is not purified from the sample 
The present invention relates to compositions and edible orally delivered products, such as confectioneries and chewing gum, which include taste potentiators to enhance the perception of active substances contained therein. 
More specifically, some embodiments provide potentiator compositions, which include at least one active substance and at least one taste potentiator. The active substance and/or taste potentiator may be encapsulated in some embodiments to modify the release rate of the composition upon consumption 
Orthopedic implants are disclosed that may be used in spinal applications. 
In one embodiment, a plate portion is provided with a threaded protrusion on which a connector for attachment to an orthopedic rod can be fitted. 
The protrusion may be multi-axially orientable with respect to said plate portion. 
The plate portion may include a dome having an inner surface that may be of conical shape, through which a portion of the protrusion may extend. 
A pin may be provided to retain the protrusion in place with respect to the dome. 
A second plate portion may be provided, which may be integral with or movable with respect to the first plate portion, that can be connected to a bone, e.g. iliac or sacral bone 
A golf ball (20) having a non-planar parting line (25), a first false non-planar parting line (26a) and a second false non-planar parting line (26b). 
A first group 32 of parting dimples defines the non-planar parting line (25). 
A second group (33) of parting dimples defines the first false non-planar parting line (26a). 
A third group (34) of parting dimples defines the second false non-planar parting line (26b). 
A plurality of hexispheres (70) are defined by the non-planar parting line (25) the first false non-planar parting line (26a) and the second false non-planar parting line (26b) 
The present invention relates to chalcone derivatives and compositions containin such derivatives useful in the treatment of viral disorders, including but not limited to the treatment of viral lesions resulting from viruses such as Herpes Simplex virus 
Various methods and apparatuses are disclosed for handling a sheet , involving urging a central portion of the sheet against an underlying sheet while lifting a peripherical portion of the sheet away from the underlying sheet; and bending at least one corner of the sheet while being lifted 
A low profile transmission cable for high frequency applications includes one or more inner conductors each having a substantially oblong curvilinear cross-section. 
A dielectric material generally surrounds the one or more inner conductors. 
A metallic outer shield generally surrounds the dielectric material. 
An outer jacket envelops the metallic outer shield 
A zinc/air battery includes a plurality zinc/air battery cells and an arrangement for exposing the plurality of zinc/air battery cells to air wherein the exposing arrangement opens the plurality of zinc/air battery cells in a serial manner such that only one cell is operative at a time 
Methods for diagnosis or prognosis of late age onset disease, such as late onset Alzheimer's disease, in an individual are provided which comprise detecting at least one polymorphism of a low-density lipoprotein receptor related protein 6 gene 
Aerospace vehicle fairing systems (100a, 100b) and associated methods, including fairings that house flap surface drive mechanisms on aircraft (150), are disclosed herein. 
One aspect of the invention is directed toward a fairing system (100) that includes a fairing (120) mounted to an airfoil (110). 
The fairing (120) can have a longitudinal axis (L2) and a fairing section (122) extending along the longitudinal axis forward and aft of a trailing edge portion (112) of an airfoil section (111). 
In one embodiment of the invention, the fairing section (122) can have a wide portion (124) located aft of the airfoil section (111) with a single spanwise width (W1) that is greater than or equal to a spanwise width of any other portion of the fairing section (122). 
In another embodiment of the invention the fairing section (122) can have a first side (51) and a second side (52), each with a point of maximum curvature. 
At least one point of maximum curvature can be located aft of the airfoil section (111) 
The present invention relates to the use of optical skin measurements to determine skin properties such as surface topography, hydration, elasticity, pigmentation intensity or uniformity, dermal thickness, dermal perfusion, presence or concentration or composition of oil on or near the surface, and apparent age of the skin. 
An apparatus according to the present invention can comprise a skin positioning system for positioning the skin relative to other parts of the apparatus. An illumination system, adapted to produce illumination radiation, can mount with the skin positioning system such that illumination radiation impinges on a first portion of the skin at a first determined angle thereto. A detection system can mount with the skin positioning system such that radiation from a second portion of the skin at a second determined angle therefrom impinges on the detector. 
A method for analyzing a target system (100) that includes obtaining a plurality of characteristics from the target system (100) using a characteristics extractor (102A, 102N), wherein the plurality of characteristics is associated with a characteristics model (108), storing each of the plurality of characteristics in a characteristics store (106) using a tracking mechanism, and analyzing the target system (100) by issuing a query to the characteristics store (106) to obtain an analysis result, wherein the query uses tracking information associated with the tracking mechanism 
A technique of removing a substrate for mounting a light emitting diode chip from a package to obtain a small and thin package is provided. 
The package includes: a transparent or translucent epoxy insulating body having a hexahedral shape; a gold plating layer transferred over at least one surface of the insulating body and divided into at least two regions by insulation; and an LED chip bonded to the gold plating layer to make an electrical connection and mounted in the insulating body. 
According to the very small LED package and the method of manufacturing the same, the package can be smaller, thinner and lighter, and the manufacturing process can be simplified 
This invention relates to a method for preparing fine metal particles using pulse-type energy. 
Particularly, it relates to a method for preparing fine metal particles using the principle of electrical corrosion, the method comprising causing alkali metal ions to be present in water or organic solvent and, at the same time, placing at least two metal electrodes apart from each other in the solvent, and then applying to the metal electrodes an electric current, the size and direction of which change periodically with the passage of time in order to repeatedly change the polarities of the electrodes. 
According to the invention, it is possible to obtain fine metal particles by using electrical corrosion to induce the ionization of platinum group metals and metals having a strong oxide film formed thereon, which are not ionized by electrolysis, and to reduce the ionized metals. 
Also, it is possible to prepare fine particles from metals prone to oxidation, by the use of a solvent which is completely free of oxygen. In addition, it is possible to obtain non- aggregated, mono-dispersed fine particles, which can be applied in a powder injection molding process 
A backlight assembly includes: a light emitting unit having a plurality of unit LEDs formed in a matrix, each of the unit LEDs having a red LED, a green LED, and a blue LED; a plurality of bottom reflectors disposed under the respective unit LEDs; and a plurality of side reflectors disposed around the respective unit LEDs 
Provided is an impact-absorbing shoe heel. 
The shoe heel includes a heel attached to a shoe bottom and having a first through-hole and a second through-hole of two-step diameter; a fixing body having a through-hole at its center, and fitting and fixed between the first and second through- holes; a shaft fitted into the through-hole and activated vertically; a piston fixed to an upper end of the shaft, and having a check valve and a minute hole at its both sides; an elastic unit elastically installed at an upper part of the piston; and a base fixed to a lower end of the shaft, and vertically activated inside the second through-hole 
The present invention relates to hydrophilic and hydrophobic packing media for bio-filters for the treatment of mixed malodorous gases. 
This invention relates to the hydrophilic and hydrophobic bio-filter with a new concept, where only the advantages of bio-filters of organic and inorganic media are applied. 
The hydrophilic and hydrophobic packing media for bio-filters for the treatment of mixed malodorous gases of this invention characterized in the media is composed of a mixture of organic and inorganic media in a certain ratio, where activated carbon, organic and inorganic binding agents are added to form beads. 
The hydrophilic and hydrophobic packing media for bio-filters for the treatment of mixed malodorous gases manufactured in the manner described above are ball-type, light-weight, hard in structure, excellent in porosity and water-holding capacity, and can contain additional nutrients and microbes. 
The packing media are a very useful invention since they have excellent physical features, provide nutrition, water and the culture environment required for the growth and activities of microbes, provide desirable features for the operation of bio-filters in terms of pressure loss and compaction, and have remarkable effects in removing hydrophilic and hydrophobic malodorous gases 
The present invention relates to cells or plants having the ability of producing polylactate or its copolymers and a method for preparing polylactate or its copolymers using the same, more specifically, relates to cells or plants having the ability of producing polylactate or hydroxyalkanoate-lactate copolymers, which simultaneously have a gene encoding an enzyme converting lactate into lactyl-CoA and a gene encoding polyhydroxyalkanoate(PHA) synthase capable of using lactyl- CoA as a substrate, and a method for preparing polylactate or hydroxyalkanoate- lactate copolymers, the method comprises: culturing the cells in a medium containing lactate or lactate and various hydroxyalkanoates or culturing the plants. 
According to the present invention, it is possible to effectively prepare hydroxyalkanoate-lactate copolymer which contains various kinds of hydroxyalkanoates as well as polylactate by using the cells or the plants 
Provided are an apparatus and method for supplying quantitative powder and a material supply apparatus including the apparatus for supplying the quantitative powder. 
The apparatus for supplying quantitative powder includes a driving part generating a driving force using an external power; a powder supply part connected to the driving part, following the operation of the driving part, and transferring the powder according to a predetermined path; a chamber placed on the sides of the powder supply part and receiving the powder transferred by the powder supply part; a compression part compressing the transferred powder in the chamber; and a quantitative supply part separating a desired amount of powder from the compressed powder and discharging the separated powder from the chamber. 
The material supply apparatus includes an upper duct passing an externally provided plastic raw material having a quantitative powder supply device that discharges powder to be mixed with the plastic raw material; a rotation duct rotatably equipped at the lower part of the upper duct and including a stirring unit mixing the plastic raw material with the powder; a lower duct placed below the lower part of the rotation duct, rotatably supporting the rotation duct, and discharging a mixture of the plastic raw material and powder downwardly that passes through the rotation duct to the outside; bearings disposed between the upper duct and the rotation duct and between the lower duct and the rotation duct, rotatably supporting the rotation duct, and forming a seal between the rotation duct and the upper and lower ducts; and a driving unit axis-rotating the rotation duct and operating the stirring unit 
A fluid unit (14) includes a heat exchanger (18), an evaporator (20), and a reformer (22). 
The fluid unit (14) is provided in a third case unit (72). 
In the third case unit (72), an exhaust gas channel (76) as a passage of an exhaust gas is provided. 
The exhaust gas channel (76) includes a first channel (78) for supplying the exhaust gas to the reformer (22), a second channel for supplying the exhaust gas to the heat exchanger (18), and a third channel (82) connected to the downstream side of the second channel (80) for supplying the exhaust gas to the evaporator (20). 
The exhaust gas supplied to the evaporator (20) has the lower temperature due to the heat exchange in the heat exchanger (18) 
A multiantenna communication system comprises a determining part (116) that calculates correlation values each between the channel characteristics of the resource blocks in an STBC (Space Time Block Code) and determines a combination pattern exhibiting the highest correlation; a connection distributing part (103) that maps, into a time domain, a frequency domain and a spatial domain, the STBC encoded transport data in accordance with the combination pattern determined by the determining part; a plurality of transmission antennas (107) for transmitting respective signals associated therewith; a plurality of reception antennas (108) for receiving the signals transmitted from the transmission antennas; and a connection multiplexing part (113) that extracts the signals, which belong to the same STBC, from the signals mapped into the time domain, frequency domain and spatial domain in accordance with the combination pattern determined by the determining part, and then combines the data blocks 
A lighting fragrance system (1) comprises an atmosphere device (2) comprising a light source (3). 
The light source is connected to an electrical supply cable (9) and is controlled by lighting control means (11). 
The atmosphere device (2) further comprises a fragrance emitter (14) connected to duct means (16) which in its turn is connected to a plurality of fragrance reservoirs (18). 
The fragrance emitter (14) and the fragrance reservoirs (18) both are connected to a fragrance control means (20) for controlled dispensing of the selected fragrance. 
Via the control means (11, 20) each light source (3) and each fragrance emitter (14) can be controlled independently of the other light and fragrance sources. 
Depending on the spatial arrangement the atmosphere device (2) can very suitably be used for creating an immersive experience 
The invention relates to highly biocompatible or biophilic un-cross-linked or cross-linked polymers comprising one or more side-chain active acrylic amino acids of formula (I). 
The invention further concerns various highly biocompatible, cross-linked co-polymers comprising one or more monomers of formula (I), and one or more other polymerizable monomers. 
Uses of such polymers and co-polymers for the production of contact lenses, intraocular lenses, implants, wound healing slabs, additives for food and cosmetics, conductive plastics, spinnable fibers, and the like are disclosed 
The present application relates to a system (51) and method for bonding surfaces that allows the production of microcavities suitable for accommodating MEMs devices or other devices that require cavity encapsulation or sealing. 
Laser directing means (55) are used to selectively direct a laser beam (53) onto an area of a surface to selectively heat the area of the surface in thermal contact with a curable adhesive to cause the curable adhesive to bond to the surface. 
The laser may be directed to the curable adhesive using a mask (57) , optical manipulation of the beam (53) or a combination of these techniques. 
The system and method reduce the stressing of the substrate by targeting the heat onto the areas, which require heat to cure the adhesive 
The invention relates to a controlled-release vitreous product which is characterised in that it comprises boron oxide (III) and at least one oxide of a transition metal selected from among iron, manganese, zinc, copper, molybdenum and mixtures of same. 
The method used to obtain said product is characterised in that it comprises the following steps consisting in: mixing the components, melting the mixture at a temperature varying between 800 and 1500°C, cooling the molten mixture such that it solidifies, grinding the solidified molten mixture, and, optionally, incorporating the vitreous product obtained into a support. 
The release of the components from the vitreous product under the action of water and other factors is controlled by the composition and production method thereof. 
In this way, the invention is suitable for use as an agricultural fertiliser 
The invention relates to a surgical needle holder for stitch suturing. The inventive needle holder is designed to facilitate suturing in areas that are difficult for the surgeon to access. 
The invention comprises two arms (1 and 2), namely a mobile arm (2) and a longer fixed arm (1). 
When actuated, the mobile arm acts on a gear mechanism (8) which actuates a lateral pulley (21) which, in turn, transmits the movement to a pulley (5) that is provided at the head (4) of the free end of the fixed arm (1). In addition, a clamp (6) is laterally mounted to the aforementioned head in order to secure the corresponding needle (9). 
The clamp (6) is opened and closed by actuating a pawl (10) that can be locked by means of teeth (13) forming a ratchet (11) which is mounted to the mobile arm (1) and toothing (14) on the actual pawl (10). 
Said pawl is released by manually moving the ratchet (11) counter to a spring (12) which meshes the ratchet teeth (13) and the toothed segment (14) together 
The invention relates to the use of a volatile-absorption product (1) in the form of a composition comprising sepiolite, potassium permanganate, ascorbic acid, sodium citrate and water. The inventive method comprises the following steps consisting in: producing doses (1) of the product; housing same inside paper food-grade bags (2-3) which are closed by means of a peripheral heat weld (4); and, subsequently, placing each bag (2-3) on a tray, box or container for fruit and vegetable products, directly on said products. 
According to the invention, the aforementioned dose (1) can be varied and adapted to the weight of the fruit and vegetable products in the tray, box or container for which the bag (2-3) is intended 
The invention relates to a lateral reinforcement for motor vehicles, which is characterised in that it comprises a first element (1) and a second element (2). 
According to the invention, the first element (1) is made from a first metal material, while the second element (2) is made from another material. 
The two elements (1 and 2) can be coupled to one another in such a way that at least one part of the outer surface of the reinforcement is formed by the material of the second element 
The invention relates to an alumina-on-nickel catalyst, to a method of obtaining same and to the use thereof. 
More specifically, the inventive catalyst has a nickel content of between 8 and 30 % and is prepared by means of an impregnation process using a support comprising a special alumina having a specific X-ray diffraction pattern, a porous structure and a determined acidity. 
The impregnating solution is formed by an organic nickel salt which is dissolved in an aqueous solution at basic pH. 
The inventive catalyst can be used in reactions involving the hydrogenation of diolefins in hydrocarbon streams 
The invention relates to a security box (100) for valuable objects (1) which can be received in a receiving element. 
Said security box comprises a protection device (110) for the valuable objects (1), which can be placed in different reinforcing modes according to different situations of the security box (100) and can be automatically released in at least one of the reinforcing modes, in order to devalue the valuable objects (1), and a receiving device (112) which is used to capture signals which influence parameters which respectively determine the necessary reinforcing mode. 
The receiving device comprises an optical capturing unit (112) which capture signals which are emitted by an optical emitter of the receiving element which contains the security box (100) 
The invention relates to an electric drive machine which consists of a stator and a rotor which together form a drive system which is associated with an energy transport system which is used for a specific reason. 
According to the invention, the electric windings of the drive system and the energy transport system are arranged in a common active part (50, 60). The drive function and the energy transport function are independent from each other 
The invention relates to a drawer (24) which consists of base (6), a front panel (25), a rear wall (22) and two lateral bars which extend in the direction of displacement of the drawer (24). 
The aim of the invention is to increase the stability of the lateral bars, to prevent or at least reduce the risk of injury and to increase the user-friendliness of the drawer. 
According to the invention, at least one functional profile rod (7) is fixed to at least one lateral bar and/or the front panel (25) and/or the rear wall (22) by locking or by an adhesive layer in the upper area which is oriented away from the base (6). 
The functional profile rod (7) is embodied as an open stabilising hollow profile rod and has a C-shaped asymmetrical cross-section. The inventive drawer is particularly suitable for kitchen units 
The invention relates to a method and a device for producing precast components (1) that comprise a base (1') and a wall element (1'') using a concrete casting mold (2) having the shape of the precast component (1). 
The aim of the invention is to produce precast components in a single processing step and to allow for a firm connection between the concrete (4) and a natural stone (5). For this purpose, the concrete casting mold (2) is filled with concrete (4) with the visible side (3) of the wall element (1'') of the precast component (1) to be produced facing upward. At least one natural stone (5) is brought into a defined position in the unset concrete (4) in a depth of immersion sufficient for a reliable connection with the concrete (4) using at least one retaining element (9) and is maintained in this position until the concrete (4) has attained a strength sufficient to hold the position of the at least one natural stone (5). 
The precast component (1) is removed from the concrete casting mold (2) when the concrete has attained the respective strength 
The invention relates to a hydrostatic bearing for support of horizontal and vertical forces, with a guide rail (2) and a support element (1) with a hydrostatic mounting on the guide rail, whereby the angle a between the front face and the lateral guide surfaces (6, 8) of the guide section (3) is equal to or more than 35 degrees and equal to or less than 75 degree and the angle ß between the fixing surface (7) and the lateral footing (9) of the fixing section (4) is equal to or more than 10 degrees and equal to or less than 25 degrees 
Coiler for wire and metal bars, of the mandrel type with vertical axis involving a base flange (4) for the support of the coil base and mandrel sectors (6) hinged at the base (41), which are able to be moved on the upper part by a coiler cylindrical shape with a collapsed conical shape of spool extraction and corresponding upper flange sectors (7) hinged on the upper part (10), moveable in concomitance of said mandrel sectors, respectively from a horizontal radial position to a position rotated upwards to allow the extraction of the coil and vice-versa, including a coaxial device (2), able to be moved longitudinally along the axis of the mandrel, and equipped with lever-operated means (21, 60, 61, 62) and rack means (22, 10, 71 ) of movement of said mandrel sectors (6) and flange sectors (7) so that: when said coaxial device (2) is lowered: said levers (61) are directed upwards and withdraw said mandrel sectors (6), while said rack (22) rotates said flange sectors (7) upwards; when said coaxial device (2) is lifted: said levers (61 ) are carried substantially radially and push said mandrel sectors (6) outwards, while said rack (22) rotates said flange sectors (7) downwards, namely substantially horizontally 
A method of dimensioning a data packets handler apparatus (145) in a mobile communications network (100) comprising a plurality of cells (110) each one providing mobile communications coverage in a respective geographic area, the mobile communications network supporting packet-switched traffic and circuit-switched traffic, wherein the data packets handler apparatus to be dimensioned is associated with at least one cell of the mobile communications network. 
The method comprises: obtaining an indication of radio communications resources of the at least one cell, obtaining an indication of an offered packet-switched traffic in respect of the at least one cell, and determining an amount of resources of the data packets handler apparatus potentially needed by the at least one cell for handling the packet-switched traffic based on the radio communications resources and on the offered packet-switched traffic 
The present invention relates to compounds of formula (I) wherein R<SUP>1</SUP>, R<SUP>2</SUP>, R<SUP>3</SUP>, R<SUP>4</SUP>, X, W, m and n are as defined in the description and claims. 
The compounds are useful for the treatment and/or prophylaxis of diseases which are associated with 2,3-oxidosqualene-lanosterol cyclase such as hypercholesterolemia, hyperlipemia, arteriosclerosis, vascular diseases, mycoses, parasit infections, gallstones, tumors and/or hyperproliferative disorders, and treatment and/or prophylaxis of impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes 
Misoprostol is commonly used in obstetric practice for controlling post-partum and post-abortive bleeding, and inducing labor or abortion whenever indicated. 
Commonly, misoprostol is administered orally. 
Tests have been carried out to study the behaviour of the commercial tablets when administered sublingually, rectally or vaginally. 
However, the application of said tablets, either vaginally or rectally, in their current form is not easy, as the tablets are designed for oral use. 
The present invention concerns misoprostol-containing suppositories, which are more convenient, if used rectally resp. vaginally. 
Additionally, the suppositories contain at least one poloxamer to enhance absorption and at least one bioadhesive compound 
A rechargeable lithium-ion cell contains a positive electrode, negative electrode, charge-carrying electrolyte containing charge carrying medium and lithium salt, and an N-substituted or C-substituted phenothiazine compound dissolved in or dissolvable in the electrolyte. 
The substituted phenothiazine compound has an oxidation potential above the positive electrode recharged potential and serves as a cyclable redox chemical shuttle providing cell overcharge protection. 
There are disclosed methods for producing lactic acid that comprise fermentation of a sugar to produce a lactate, optionally a salt swapping process to produce an ammonium lactate or akyl ammonium lactate, an extractive salt splitting process to produce a lactic acid loaded extractant, and separation of lactic acid by water back extraction or by direct distillation 
A wire guide torque device (10) includes a handle member (20) having a proximal end and a distal end wherein a groove (29) extends between the proximal end and the distal end of the handle member for inserting a wire guide. 
A retaining ring (30) is rotatably disposed on the proximal end of the handle member for securing the wire guide inside the groove along the proximal end of the handle member. 
A lever (40) is slidably disposed in the distal end of the handle member for securing the wire guide inside the groove along the distal end of the handle member. 
The device further includes a pin (60) having a first end and a second end, wherein the first end is engaged with the lever and the second end is engaged with the handle member 
Described is a method wherein a computer terminal is coupled to a power supply through a docking arrangement. 
The docking arrangement includes a protection circuit. 
A current supplied to the computing terminal is detected. 
When the current is greater than a predetermined value, the computer terminal is decoupled from the power supply. 
After the computer terminal is decoupled from the power supply, the computer terminal is recoupled to the power supply, and the method repeats beginning with detecting the current supplied to the computing terminal 
The present invention relates to a process for producing paper which comprises: (i) providing an aqueous suspension comprising cellulosic fibres, (ii) adding to the suspension after the last point of high shear: (a) a first anionic component which is a water-soluble anionic organic polymer; (b) a second anionic component which is a water-dispersible or branched anionic organic polymer; and (c) a third anionic component which is an anionic siliceous material; and (iii) dewatering the obtained suspension to form paper. 
The invention further relates to composition which comprises the first, second and third anionic components and the use of the composition as a flocculating agent in the production of pulp and paper and for water purification 
Disclosed is a carboxyl group-containing polyurethane (A) produced from a polyol (b) containing at least 10 mol% (relative to the total (100 mol%) of the polyol (b)) of a polyol (b1) which: (i) has a number-average molecular weight of 500 to 50,000; (ii) has 1 to 10 hydroxyl groups per molecule; and (iii) is one or a combination of two or more polyols selected from the group consisting of polybutadiene polyol, polyisoprene polyol, hydrogenated polybutadiene polyol and hydrogenated polyisoprene polyol. 
The carboxyl group-containing polyurethane (A) is suitable as materials of cured products, for example cured films, that are excellent in adhesion with substrates, low warpage, flexibility, plating resistance, soldering heat resistance and long-term reliability 
A cast iron sliding member (200) used for the cylinder inner surfaces of hydraulic devices such as hydraulic pumps and hydraulic motors and engine piston rings. 
The metallographic structure of the surface portion of the sliding member including its sliding surface (S1) comprises graphite (23), martensite (24) (first martensite) surrounding the outline of the graphite (23) in a bull's-eye state, and ferrite (21) positioned on the outside of the first martensite (24) and normal martensite (25) (second martensite). 
Thus, since oil sumps can be formed earlier on the sliding surface, the cast iron sliding member having excellent lubricity can be provided 
An ink (41) containing an EL light emitting material is ejected on a buffer layer (30) by a quantity larger than a maximum volume which can be held within an upper plane of the buffer layer (30) by surface tension 
The present invention provides a method and apparatus used for enhanced uplink data transmission, comprising the steps of: monitoring the communication status of a plurality of UEs (user equipment) which conduct uplink data transmission in the RAN; receiving the data transmitted on at least one dedicated uplink channel from at least one of the plurality of UEs; according to the communication status of the plurality of UEs, dynamically allocating the number of dedicated uplink channels for at least one UE of the plurality of UEs. 
Utilization of the present invention can enable mobile terminal to conduct more efficient uplink transmission 
This invention relates to synergistic combinations of non-steroidal anti¬ inflammatory drugs, particularly carprofen, with alpha-2-delta ligands, such as gabapentin or pregabalin, for veterinary treatment of pain and/or inflammation, particularly in dogs, cats and horses 
Sulphones of formula (I) are disclosed for use in treatment of cancer 
The invention relates to novel p-tert-butylcalix[6]arenes of formulae (IA) and (IB) with carboxylic or hydroxyamino triacidic functions in positions 2,4 and 6, and other functions in positions 1, 3 and 5, supported liquid membranes and support materials comprising the above and the uses thereof 
The invention concerns a lock to be mounted on an operating sash, comprising a rotor assembly (1, 4, 5, 10, 11) and a stator assembly (2, 3, 6, 7, 8), said rotor assembly being connected to a button locking/unlocking actuator (12) to authorize locking/unlocking when an appropriate key is inserted into the lock. The invention is characterized in that it comprises means for retaining (13) the rotor assembly, said retaining means being clipped on the stator assembly (2, 3, 6, 7, 8) 
The invention relates to driving practice device (1, 101) for a motor vehicle such as a motorcycle or an automobile, for travelling on the interior of a hollow sphere construction (81) on a reference surface (H). 
Said motor vehicle comprises a chassis with at least two chassis wheels, preferably three or four chassis wheels, for rolling off on the interior of the hollow sphere construction. 
The driving practice device comprises at least one supporting arm (35, 335a-c), preferably two supporting arms, to be fixed to the chassis, and a stabilizer fastened to the at least one supporting arm. 
The inventive device is characterized in that the at least one supporting arm is positioned substantially diametrically opposed to the wheels of the chassis especially in the area of the roof, roll bar or chassis top and is adapted to keep the stabilizer in a rolling contact on the interior of the hollow sphere construction, especially to put it in rolling contact, when the chassis wheels roll off on the interior of the hollow sphere construction 
The invention relates to a hydrostatic piston engine (1) which is based on the floating cup principle and comprises a first swash plate ( (16) and as well as a second swash plate (17). 
A first cylinder drum unit (11, 14) rests against the first swash plate while a second cylinder drum unit (12, 15) leans on the second swash plate (17). 
A first group of pistons (10) and a second group of pistons (12) are connected in a fixed manner to a drive shaft (5) of the hydrostatic piston engine (1). 
The first group of pistons (10) engages into the cylinder cavities of the first cylinder drum unit (11, 14) while the pistons (12) of the second group engage into cylinder cavities of the second cylinder drum unit (12, 15). 
The first and second cylinder chambers embodied by the pistons (10; 12) and the cylinder drum units (11, 14; 12, 15) can be connected to a first hydraulic circuit and a second hydraulic circuit, respectively. 
The axis of rotation of the first cylinder drum units (11, 14) and/or the axis of rotation of the second cylinder drum unit (12, 15) can be adjusted independently of the axis of rotation of the other cylinder drum unit 
What is claimed are compositions for the treatment of psoriasis, eczema and inflammatory conditions of the skin comprising as an active ingredient a therapeutic effective amount of thiamine or its cosmetically and/or toxicologically acceptable salts 
Apparatus constituting a driven hub (11) for a bicycle or the like comprising, in combination, hub member (15), drive axle (20) fixed to said hub member, wheel axle (12) passing coaxially through said hub member and said drive axle, a combination of needle roller bearing and needle roller clutch in a common cage (25) working on a smooth cylindrical outer surface of said drive axle and sleeve (27) in which is accommodated said combination of needle roller bearing and needle roller clutch in a common cage, the outer surface of said sleeve being shaped to receive engagement means; said combination of components permitting said driven hub to freewheel silently when not driven or to be driven in rotation via said engagement means with, effectively, no take-up angle in the transition from the freewheeling state to the driven state 
A joining member is provided for interconnecting respective cornice members mounted to a wall an/or ceiling. 
The joining member comprises an angled body which is mounted between the cornice members and the wall and/or ceiling and mating members that engage complementary mating portions in the rear face of the respective cornice members Once mounted, the joining member provides a precise, neat and attractive join between the respective cornice members. 
Also provided is a cornice member comprising flanged edges that co-operate to form a keyway that can receive adhesive to assist mounting of the cornice member 
Composition for application to skin comprising a biocide or combination of biocides (such as chlorhexidine, halogenated phenols, quaternary ammonium compounds; povidone-iodine; zinc pyridinethione; alcohols etc)and at least one transcutaneous vehicle (for example alkyl methyl sulfoxides, alkyl pyrrolidones, glycols, glycol ethers and glycol esters) effective to convey the biocide to a sub epidermal "resident" micro-organism. 
Also a method for preparing a patient for surgery comprising the step of treating an area of the patient's skin at, and in the surrounding the vicinity of, the site of an intended surgical incision with a composition effective to kill more than 93% of both "transient" and "resident" micro-organisms. 
The invention relates to RAFT agents of formula (I) where Z is any group that is a weak lone pair donor and a strong sigma acceptor, R is a group such that the agent can function as a RAFT agent in polymerisation of ethylenically unsaturated monomer, and b is an integer =1, with the proviso that when Z is fluorine, R is not -CH<SUB>3</SUB>, -CF<SUB>3</SUB>, -CH<SUB>2</SUB>CH<SUB>3</SUB>, -nC<SUB>3</SUB>H<SUB>7</SUB>, -CF<SUB>2</SUB>NCS or -CH<SUB>2</SUB>CH<SUB>2</SUB>Cl. 
The invention also relates to methods for preparing polymers using RAFT agents 
A microtitre plate having a relieved perimeter includes a plate defining a plurality of wells and the perimeter of the plate is horizontally relieved. 
Alternatively, a microtitre plate may include a base and a holding section extending from the base. 
The holding section defines a plurality of wells and the perimeter thereof being horizontally relieved 
A vehicle network and method for communicating information within a vehicle. 
The network includes a plurality of network elements joined by communication links. 
A data frame is provided for communicating information between a first device and a second device attached to the network. 
A network element in the network is capable of mapping a first resource on an incoming communication link of the network element to a second link resource of an outgoing communication link of the network element. 
The network element further has ports for receiving the data frame from the first link resource of the incoming communication link and for communicating the data frame to the second link resource of the outgoing communication link. 
The mapping may be done statically or dynamically such as based on information stored in the network element or based on information stored in the data frame 
In certain example embodiments of this invention, there is provided an ion source including an anode (25) and a cathode (5) . 
In certain example embodiments, a multi-piece outer cathode (5b') is provided. 
The multi-piece outer cathode (5b') allows precision adjustments to be made, thereby permitting adjustment of the magnetic gap between the inner and outer cathodes. 
This allows improved performance to be realized, and/or prolonged operating life of certain components. 
This may also permit multiple types of gap adjustment to be performed with different sized outer cathode- end pieces. 
In certain example embodiments, cathode fabrication costs may also be reduced 
Methods, systems and arrangements are provided for obtaining electroencephalograph ("EEG") EEG signals from a patient e.g., during a concurrent EEG/MRI examination of the patient. 
The methods, systems and arrangements include a cap made of conductive inks with sensor positions for attaching a plurality of sensors to the patient's head. 
The sensors can include electrodes as well as motion sensors for improving EEG signal quality and MRI image quality in the presence of motion noise and other artifacts within the MRI environment. 
The electrodes may be composed of conductive inks, and can be used in high magnetic fields due to a weak interaction with the RF fields generated by the MRI scanner. 
The exemplary methods, systems and arrangements can achieve lower SAR and lower temperature increase, as compared to conventional electrodes 
This invention relates to a moveable device (1) for the preparation of food products comprising a housing (2) , with the housing (2) comprising a combustion space (3) , characterized in that a first part (5) of the housing (2) comprises a first opening (4) for connection of the combustion space (3) to a smoke gas outlet channel (6) ; a second part (7) of the housing (2) comprises at least one air inlet opening (8) , and a third part (9) of the housing (2) comprises means (10) to support a cooking plate (11) . 
This invention further relates to a method for the preparation of food products, comprising the generation of heat by combustion of wood hi a moveable device (1) according to this invention 
[PROBLEMS] To provide a process by which a compound comprising an aromatic compound having a radioactive-halogen substituent and an amine or phosphine bonded thereto can be produced in a practicable yield. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] A radioactive-halogen-containing alcohol having a structure comprising an aromatic compound in which one or more hydrogen atoms have been replaced with a radioactive halogen and a hydroxy group bonded to the compound through an alkylene group is directly reacted with various amines or phosphines under acid conditions. 
Use of this process can reduce the number of steps to be conducted after labeling with a radioactive halogen and can heighten the yield of the target compound 
A fuel cell system including: a fuel cell having an anode to which a fuel gas is supplied for power generating reaction, an inlet through which the fuel gas is supplied to the anode, and an outlet through which the fuel gas unused in the reaction is discharged from the anode; a fuel gas circulation system for re-circulating the unused fuel gas from the outlet to the inlet; an impurity concentration detecting device which detects or estimates a value related to an impurity concentration in the anode or the fuel gas circulation system; and a controller controlling an idling-stop of the fuel cell based on a power requirement to the fuel cell, wherein the idling-stop controller permits or prohibits the idling-stop based on the value detected or estimated by the impurity concentration detecting device 
[PROBLEMS] To provide a pressurizing device capable of securely operating a control mechanism controlling the operation of a fluid pressure mechanism despite the fact that its structure is simple and it can be easily manufactured, eliminating the need of returning an output shaft to an origin position, and properly changing a working stroke. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] This pressurizing device is characterized by comprising the control mechanism (7). 
The control mechanism maintains the opening of a communication passage (22a) which allows the fluid pressure mechanism (6) to communicate with the outside when the fluid pressure mechanism is connected by a connection mechanism (5) and closing the communication passage (22a) by detecting the flow of a fluid in the fluid pressure mechanism (6) when the fluid is pushed to the outside by the energization of an input shaft (3) when the connection by the connection mechanism (5) is released so as to isolate the fluid pressure mechanism (6) from the outside 
A flexible tubular element (1) comprising a fluted outer wall (6) and a set of coils (S) sealed together and each deformable between a stretched position and a contracted position, wherein each of said coils is made from a profile portion with a three-sided cross-section substantially defining an open triangle, and a first side of said profile portion and a second side of said profile portion can form a fluting channel in the outer wall while a third side of said profile portion can form an internal portion associated with said coil and forming part of the inner wall of said tubular element in such a way that the inner wall of the tubular element is substantially cylindrical 
The invention relates to a drying cylinder for drying a paper, cardboard, tissue or other fibrous web in a machine for manufacturing and/or finishing the former, which is heated from inside with a gaseous heat transfer medium, the inner side of the roll shell (1) having elevations which protrude out of the condensation (2) of the heat transfer medium which collects on the inner side. 
Here, the heat transfer is to be improved by the fact that the elevations are at least 1.2 times higher than the mean condensation height and/or the cross section of the elevations is reduced inwards 
Disclosed is a method for adjusting the braking characteristic of a retarder for a motor vehicle. According to said method, a characteristic diagram or a braking characteristic representing the correlation between a manipulated variable and a braking moment is stored in the control or regulation unit of the retarder. 
Said braking characteristic comprises several restart points where the association between the manipulated variable and the braking moment can be modified by means of individual offsets. 
A comparison between the setpoint value for the braking moment and the real value is made on the serial inspection test stand for each retarder at defined points, and the restart points that can be modified by means of individual offsets are raised or lowered based on said comparison to such an extent that the real value lies within a predefined tolerance band 
Disclosed are nanoscale melamine formaldehyde particles having a particle diameter of 10 to 95nm and containing fluorescent colorants, a method for the production thereof as well as their use as support material for the production of biomarkers, inkjet printing inks, fluorescent markers and/or as adsorption material for chromatographic separations 
Device (1) for cooling cutting tools (9) during operation by means of a cooling liquid (13), comprising A) control means (2) for activating driving means (3) for the cutting tool (9), whereby B) said control means (2) are also activating dispensing means (4) for the cooling liquid (13); and wherein C) the dispensing means (4) comprise a container (5) for storing a cooling liquid (13); said container (5) being connected to the environment of said cutting tool (9) by a tube (6) for transporting said cooling liquid (13) to said cutting tool (9), and D) said dispensing means (4) is apt to generate a pressurisation of said container (5) upon activating said dispensing means (4) by means of the control means (2) 
The invention relates to a vehicle, especially a bicycle, comprising at least one drive wheel (1), a motor (3) connected to the drive wheel (1), a power accumulator (5) for supply of the motor (3), a control device (6) for controlling the motor (3), and a pedal crank (7). 
The aim of the invention is to improve the handling characteristics of such a bicycle. 
For this purpose, the pedal crank (7) can be moved independently of the drive wheel (1) and is connected to a braking device (20, 21) that provides a moment of resistance to the rotation of the pedal crank (7). The moment of resistance of the braking device (20, 21) is controlled by the control device (6) 
The disclosure is directed to video processing. The various video processing techniques include generating blocks of information for a frame of video, allocating bits from a bit budget to each of the blocks, the number of bits being allocated to each of the blocks being a function of the information contained therein, and using the bits allocated to each of the blocks to represent the information contained therein 
The biasing member (18) is operatively engaged with at least the retainer (16, 116). The insertion of the bone anchor (20, 120) in the aperture (14, 114) causes the retainer (16, 116) to move to a first position and elastically deform the biasing member (18). 
The biasing member (18) causes the retainer (16, 116) to move to the second position to retain the bone anchor (20, 120) in the bone plate (12) 
Abstract A composite nonwoven fabric having latent elasticity is provided having a latently elastic core comprising a first component that includes a thermoplastic elastomer and a second component that includes a single site catalyzed polyolefin, and at least one gatherable facing material laminated to the elastic core. 
The first and second components may be, for example, in the form of alternating filaments of styrenic block copolymer and single site catalyzed polyolefin or in the form of conjugate filaments having a first section of styrenic block copolymer and a second section of single site catalyzed polyolefin. 
Also disclosed are methods of making the latently elastic stretch bonded laminates and personal care articles containing the latently elastic stretch bonded laminates 
Golf clubs (including putters and wedges) include: a ball striking head and a shaft connecting member extending from the head; and (b) a shaft fixed to the shaft connecting member. 
The shaft may be fixed to the shaft connecting member without a hosel element and/or in such a manner that a smooth or substantially smooth exterior junction and/or overall handle member is provided. 
The connection may be made by welding, soldering, brazing, other fusing techniques, adhesives, mechanical connectors, or and the like. 
A method for fabricating a shallow trench isolation structure (94) for a subthreshold kink-free semiconductor memory device includes the steps of forming an oxide (62) -nitride (64) -oxide (66) -nitride (68) stack on top of a semiconductor substrate (60), etching shallow trenches (72) in selected areas and filling them with an insulating material (74) so that it is level with the top nitride layer (68), removing the top nitride layer, depositing a protective material (82) on top of a first device area (84), removing the top oxide layer {66) in a second device area (86), removing the protective material, removing the bottom nitride layer (64) in the second device area, performing an oxide etch to the whole device to remove the top oxide layer (66) in the first device area (84) and the bottom oxide layer (62) in the second device area (86), removing the bottom nitride layer (64) and the bottom oxide layer (62) in the first device area (84) 
A classification dictionary updating apparatus includes an update proposal receiving unit that receives a proposal for updating a hierarchical classification dictionary which has a hierarchical structure which includes a class that defines the hierarchical structure, a property that defines a hierarchical class structure, and an attribute that is a detailed information field of the class and the property, and in which a sub classification class inherits a property of an upper classification class; a proposal history storing unit that stores the past received proposal; an approximate proposal extracting unit that extracts the past received proposal stored by the proposal history storing unit approximate to the latest received proposal; and an approximate proposal presenting unit that presents the extracted proposal 
The invention relates to an irreversible transmission device comprising an input shaft (1), an output shaft (2), a first rotating eccentric disc (A) and second rotating eccentric disc (B) with the same eccentricity as the first disc, fixed to the output shaft. 
The first and second eccentric discs are arranged such as to slide within a sleeve (3). 
The device comprises guide means (3/Bis, 3/Ter) which directly or indirectly limit the rotational movement of the sleeve about an axis parallel to the axis of the input shaft and drive means which permit the input shaft to simultaneously drive the first and second rotating eccentric discs after compensation of an angular play between the two eccentric discs with relation to the input shaft axis 
Stopper rod (22) for the continuous casting of molten metal have a stopper rod body (22-3), and a stopper rod tip (22-1) at a lower end of the stopper rod body. 
The stopper rod tip defines a frustoconically shaped exterior surface (22-1a) which terminates in a recessed nose (22-1b). 
The recessed nose has most preferably a curvilinear surface (e.g., a spherical segment), but non-curvilinear surfaces (e.g., prismatic, pyramidal, triangular, and quadrangular surfaces) may alternatively be employed. 
The frustoconically shaped exterior surface (22-1a) of the stopper rod tip most preferably forms an angle with respect to a horizontal plane which is sufficiently great so as to increase the velocity of the flowing molten metal to reduce the boundary layer thickness thereof adjacent the nozzle and stopper rod tip surfaces so as to minimize the deposition of inclusions thereon. 
Preferably the angle ? is greater than 70° and less than 85° 
The invention relates to a gas oven comprising a cooking chamber (10), at least one gas burner (11) for heating the cooking chamber (10) and a gas supply line (16, 16b) for the burner (11). 
A lighting means (12) may light the burner (11), at least one solenoid valve (22) is fitted to the gas supply line (16, 16b) upstream of the burner (11) and the solenoid valve control means (15) open and close the solenoid valve (22) such as to supply the burner (11) fully or not at all. 
The above is of use for carrying a pyrolysis cleaning of the cooking chamber 
Managing computer memory in a computer with dynamic logical partitioning that operates transparently with respect to operating systems in logical partitions. 
Exemplary methods, systems, and products are described for managing computer memory in a computer with dynamic logical partitioning that include copying by a hypervisor, from page frames in one logical memory block ("LMB") of a logical partition ("LPAR") to page frames outside the LMB, contents of page frames having page frame numbers in a page table for an operating system in the LPAR. 
Embodiments typically include storing new page frame numbers in the page table, including storing by the hypervisor, for each page frame whose contents are copied, a new page frame number that identifies the page frame to which contents are copied. 
In typical embodiments, copying contents of page frames and storing new page frame numbers are carried out transparently with respect to the operating system 
Disclosed is a control device (211) for converting a control movement along a control path into a control signal, said control path corresponding to different control stages or control types. 
The control device (211) comprises two measuring tracks (213, 215) with a linearly changing resistance. Said measuring tracks (213, 215) adjoin each other in a semicircle. 
A voltage U which is tapped via two opposite interconnected (228) sliders (224, 226) is applied to both measuring tracks (213, 215) at a junction point while the other junction point (216) is connected to ground. 
There must be a fault, e.g. a broken slider (224, 226), if the detected values of the tapped voltages deviate from corresponding stored values or pairs of values, which can be recognized via a controller (220). 
This makes it possible to perform a test 
The present invention relates to the use of aqueous wax dispersions to impregnate lignocellulose materials. 
The invention also relates to a method of hydrophobicizing lignocellulose materials, which involves impregnating the lignocellulose material with an aqueous wax dispersion, and to the lignocellulose materials obtainable as a result. 
The aqueous dispersions of the waxes or wax- like polymers are characterized in that the wax constituent has a melting point above 75°C, preferably above 80°C and in particular above 90°C and the dispersed wax particles have an average size below 500 nm 
The invention relates to a method for carrying out fatigue tests on a test body (7) which, in order to increase the frequency of testing, in particular with high loading of the test body is characterised in that the test body (7) is subjected to a static load by a system comprising a spring resistance and is additionally subjected to an oscillating load by means of an oscillation generator (9) with generation of a closed force path in the system for static loading 
An ink refill device and method for refilling an ink reservoir(s) of a printer ink cartridge. 
The ink refill device includes an ink container that defines an internal ink tank(s) containing ink, drain and vent members that are adapted and arranged to replenish the ink reservoir(s) with ink from the ink tank(s). 
The drain and vent member are arranged to provide an elongate conduit profile. 
The drain and vent member may be arranged coaxially, bisectionally, or in some other orientation relative to each other to provide the single elongate conduit profile 
A screw insertion/extraction device is disclosed that is useful as a tool for screw insertion and extraction procedures. 
The device includes a shaft sleeve that is formed to define a passage for accommodating the shaft of a wrench. 
In an exemplary embodiment, the shaft sleeve has a proximal portion and a distal portion interposed by an intermediate portion, where the proximal and distal portions extend along opposite sides of a central axis of the wrench shaft passage and the intermediate portion extends both along and about the central axis to connect the proximal and distal portions. 
A shoulder portion extends inwardly from the distal end of the shaft sleeve for engaging the base of a screw head such that the screw head can be captured between the distal end of a wrench and the shoulder portion of the shaft sleeve 
A method of measuring dimensional changes in a transparent substrate includes forming an array of reference markers on a reference plate, forming an array of substrate markers on the transparent substrate, stacking the reference plate and transparent substrate such that the reference markers and substrate markers overlap, measuring coordinates of the substrate markers relative to coordinates of the reference markers before and after processing the transparent substrate, and determining dimensional changes in the transparent substrate from the difference between the measured relative coordinates of the substrate markers before and after processing the transparent substrate 
Nonce exchange (figure 2) with a target BS is performed even when the MS connected to the source BS so when the mobile reaches the new BS. it will be able to create a fresh key quickly. 
Alternately, the MS can provide the nonce directly to the target BS immediately (or very soon) upon handing over. 
In a similar manner, the mobile will require the target BS nonce via one of several techniques. 
In a first embodiment of the present invention the target BS will share the BS nonce with the source BS which will provide the nonce to the MS. In a second embodiment of the present invention the target BS will transmit the nonce over-the-air to the MS as part to the initial exchange leading to the set up of the wireless link between the MS and the target BS 
An apparatus (10) for, and method of, placing a plurality of spacers (12) between a parallel opposed anode and cathode (20) of an emissive display includes temporarily securing, by applying a vacuum for example, a first side of one of the anode or cathode to a base (14) having a plurality of electromagnets (16) positioned therein. 
The electromagnets (16) attract a first side of each of the plurality of spacers (12), thereby positioning each of the spacers (12) in a desired location on a second side of the one of the anode or cathode (20). 
The spacers (12) may be provided from a shuffling tray (40) having a plurality of openings (42), each opening (42) approximately aligned with one of the electromagnets (16) and shaped so as to present the first side to the electromagnet (16) to the one of the anode or cathode (20) 
An apparatus and method is provided for sensing data relating to a structure (14), including an inspection site sensor system having at least one microprocessor (16) coupled to the structure. 
At least one sensor (12) for sensing data is connected to each of the at least one microprocessors that compare the data to a standard. 
A user interface (18) is coupled to the microprocessor (16) for presenting the comparison, and a wireless transmitter (20) is coupled to the microprocessor (16) for transmitting at least one of the data and the comparison to a management site (22). 
The management site (22) includes a receiver (24) for receiving the transmitted at least one of the data and the comparison, a microprocessor (26) coupled to the receiver (24); and a user interface (28) coupled to the microprocessor (26) 
A disposable skin-worn device for the transdermal delivery at least one dose of charged therapeutic substances, including granisetron, by iontophoresis, the device comprising a donor reservoir containing an amount of a therapeutic substance to be delivered transdermally by iontophoresis, a counter reservoir, a source of electric power connected in a circuit between the donor reservoir and the counter reservoir and a control system for controlling current flow in the circuit to enable at least one dose of the therapeutic substance to be delivered transdermally by iontophoresis and wherein the control system includes a control element selected from the group consisting of a sensor activated by an external signal and a switch 
A stereoscopic display apparatus includes a mount, an arm connected to the mount for movement relative to the mount, and a pair of independent visual displays mounted on the arm for movement relative to the mount so that the pair of displays is positionable for viewing by a user. 
A first display of the pair is adapted for viewing by a first eye of the user and a second display of the pair is adapted for viewing by a second eye of the user. 
Each display of the pair is adapted to cooperate with the other display to provide images to the respective eye of the user that are perceived by the user as a three-dimensional image 
A system for shredding scrap autos and the like comprising a shredder having a rotary hammer, a closed circuit air flow path, a fan for maintaining an airflow through the path, the airflow path having a section that enters and exits the shredder and is capable of entraining substantially all of the smoke and fines produced or released in the shredder, and an air cleaning section for removing the fugitive dust, smoke, and fines from the air circulating in the path 
An exothermic weld mold clamp (10) including a mold locating system adapted to locate pices of an exothermic mold (22) 
A method of quality of service reduction between a mobile station (202) and a base station (206) in a wireless communication system (100) may include monitoring a reverse link (224) of a wireless communication session (120) for inactivity. 
If the inactivity is detected on the reverse link, identifying a user (203) of the wireless communication session as at least one of an inattentive user and a dormant user and measuring a forward link FER (223) of the wireless communication session corresponding to the reverse link. 
If the forward link FER is less than an FER threshold, decreasing the quality of service of the forward link 
A method of power control in a 3G wireless communication system (100) incorporating fast forward power control, may include setting an initial base station transmit power boundary (402) and an initial signal-to-noise ratio boundary (502). 
A mobile station (102) may send a forward link FER measurement to a base station (106). 
The base station may perform at least one of a base station transmit power boundary adjustment (403) and a mobile station signal-to-noise ratio boundary adjustment (503) based on the forward link FER measurement received from the mobile station, thereby imposing dynamic constraints on the fast forward power control operation 
Methods, computer-readable media, and data structures for building an authoritative database of digital audio identifier elements from digital media accessed by clients. 
The digital media including one or more media items, such as tracks on a CD. 
The methods, computer-readable media, and data structures further identifying metadata associated with a media item accessed by a client utilizing the authoritative database of digital audio identifier elements 
The subject invention provides a system and/or a method that facilitates manipulating data associated to a data storage system, wherein the data storage system has at least one of a characteristic and a constraint associated to a data model. The data model can represent the data storage system such that the data storage system is a database-based file system. 
A data manipulation component can manipulate data associated to the data model and enforces at least one of the constraint and the characteristic to ensure integrity of such system. 
In addition, an API component can be invoked to provide the manipulation of data within the data storage system 
Multiple Shared Rowsets, can access rows of data stored in a Cached Rowset independently. 
These Shared Rowsets can have their own cursor, sorted order, filtered rows, and pending changes 
A surface-treating agent for imparting both water repellency or unsusceptibility to water absorption and excellent antifouling properties to a surface of a material, especially a material for outdoor use; and a material whose surface has been treated with the surface-treating agent. 
A solution or dispersion which contains a water repellent or water absorption inhibitor, preferably a water repellent or water absorption inhibitor of the silane, siliconate, silicone, silicone/silane composite, and/or fluorochemical type, and a titanium oxide doped with at least one metal element selected from the group consisting of copper, manganese, nickel, cobalt, iron, and zinc, preferably an amorphous titanium oxide or an amorphous titanium oxide in which peroxo has been introduced at least partly, is used to form, on a surface of a base and/or in a surface layer thereof, a layer comprising the water repellent or water absorption inhibitor and the titanium oxide doped with at least one metal element selected from the group consisting of copper, manganese, nickel, cobalt, iron, and zinc 
A first electrode layer includes first electrode wires (W1, W2) extending parallel. 
A state change layer is formed on the first electrode layer and includes state change bodies (60-11, 60-12, 60-21, 60-22) each exhibiting a diode characteristic and a variable resistance characteristic. 
A second electrode layer is formed on the state change layer and includes second electrode wires (B1, B2) extending parallel. 
The first electrode wires cross the second electrode wires (not connected) when viewed form above, with the state change layer interposed therebetween. 
The state change body (60-11) is formed between the first and second electrode wire at the position where the first electrode wire (W1) crosses the second electrode wire (B1) (not connected) 
[PROBLEMS] To provide a small and inexpensive noninvasive bone density measuring device. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] The measuring section of a bone density measuring device comprises a near infrared light emitting section (120) arranged in a holding body (110), and a light receiving section (130) for receiving light through a bone of measurement object. 
An arm is inserted, for example, into the holding body (110) and light absorption (absorbance) by the arm bone is measured thus measuring bone density. 
The light emitting section (120) and the light receiving section (130) are connected with a control section (140). 
The control section (140) controls emission from the light emitting section (120), receives a measurement from the light receiving section (130) and displays it as bone density. 
In order to remove the influence by light from the background or the difference in thickness of bone, ratio of absorbance between two wavelengths is preferably employed. 
Even when two light emitting elements (LEDs) are employed in order to obtain light having two wavelengths, two light emitting elements are allowed to emit light alternately and thereby only one light receiving element is required 
Disclosed is an anisotropic dye film having high dichroic ratio. 
For obtaining such an anisotropic dye film, there is used a composition for anisotropic dye films containing an electron-deficient plate-like compound and an electron-rich compound 
A method of molding an uneven wall thickness tube capable of molding an uneven wall thickness tube having a partially thin-walled peripheral part from a cylindrical raw tube with approximately uneven wall thickness, a method of manufacturing a wheel rim for a vehicle molded from the uneven wall thickness tube, and an uneven wall thickness tube molding device. 
In the method of molding the uneven wall thickness tube, the uneven wall thickness tube (X) having the thin-walled peripheral part (Y) of a prescribed width is molded by loosely fitting a plurality of pressing rolls (20a) to (20f) having pressing projected parts (22a) to (22f) increased in width stepwise formed on all the periphery thereof to a mandrel roll (2) in the order of increasing in width and pressing the pressing projected parts (22a) to (22f) against the rotating cylindrical raw tube (x) to form thin-walled peripheral parts (y1) to (y6) stepwise. 
The method of manufacturing the wheel rim comprises a step for molding the uneven wall thickness tube (X). 
The device (1) materializes the molding method. 
Thus, the wheel rim with uneven wall thickness can be manufactured while the productivity of normal wheel rims is maintained 
Disclosed is a photodetection unit having good mounting workability. 
Disclosed is a photodetection unit (1) wherein two fitting structures (30) are fixed to the back surface of a supporting substrate (20) which is made of a fired ceramic body. 
In the manufacturing process of the photodetection unit (1), each fitting structure (30) is joined to the back surface of the supporting substrate (20) after forming the fired ceramic body by firing a laminate of green sheets. 
Consequently, the fitting structures (30) can be accurately arranged on the back surface of the supporting substrate (20), thereby improving the mounting workability of the photodetection unit (1) 
A. method of determining one or more glycosylation markers of cancer comprises obtaining a diseased sample and a control sample, wherein the diseased sample is a sample from a subject diagnosed with cancer and the control sample is a sample from healthy control; releasing a diseased glycan pool of total glycoproteins from the diseased sample and a control glycan pool of total glycoproteins from the control sample without purifying the glycoproteins and without exposing the diseased sample and the control sample to hydrazinolysis; measuring a diseased glycoprofile of the diseased glycan pool and a control glycoprofile of the control glycan pool using chromatography, mass spectrometry or a combination thereof; comparing the diseased glycoprof:ïle and the control glycoprofiles to determine said one or more glycosylation markers of cancer. 
A method for diagnosing and monitoring cancer in a subject comprising obtaining a sample of body fluid or a body tissue of the subject; releasing a glycan pool of total glycoproteins from the sample without purifying the glycoproteins; measuring a glycoprofile of the glycan pool 
This invention relates to mattresses such as a pressure relieving mattress and in particular ones for profiling beds. 
The mattress comprises a base portion (11) , a carriage portion (12), an upper portion (13) and an inflatable pressure relieving underlay (14) disposed between the carriage (12) and the upper portion (13). 
The facing surfaces (15) and (16) of the base portion (11) and the carriage portion (12), respectively, are coated with a low friction material so that the two slide easily relative to one another. 
This sliding movement is restricted to longitudinal relative movement by the engagement of co-operating formations (17, 18). 
The combination provides particularly flexible mattress arrangement which also avoids the problem of the leg section of the mattress kicking upwardly when a profiling bed is articulated 
A method for mapping sub-surface resistivity contrasts comprising making multi-channel transient electromagnetic (MTEM) measurements using at least one electric source with grounded input current electrodes or one magnetic source with current in a wire loop or multi loop and at least one electric field or magnetic field receiver, measuring the resultant earth response simultaneously at each receiver using a known recording system, measuring the system response by measuring directly the current in the wire at the source using effectively the same recording system, using the measured system response to recover the impulse response of the earth from each measured earth response, and creating from such impulse responses a sub-surface representation of resistivity contrasts 
The invention relates to pyrimidines suitable as substrates for O<SUP>6</SUP>-alkylguanine-DNA alkyltransferases (AGT) of formula (I) wherein R<SUP>1</SUP> is hydrogen, lower alkyl, halogen, cyano, trifluoromethyl or azido; R<SUP>2</SUP> is a linker; and L is a label or a plurality of same or different labels. 
The invention further relates to methods of transferring a label from pyrimidines of formula (I) to O<SUP>6</SUP>-alkylguanine-DNA alkyltransferases (AGT) and AGT fusion proteins 
The invention relates to the operating safety of man/machine interface systems displaying information in the form of graphics or symbology. 
The monitoring principles according to prior art are all based on the monitoring of graphic information from the display chain and the verification that said information does correspond to the input parameters. 
The aim of the invention is to monitor the efficient operation of the functions of the graphic generation, independently of the data processed. 
More precisely, the invention relates to a device for the graphic generation of symbologies for a display screen, said device comprising functions for generating elements of symbologies and means for monitoring the efficient operation thereof. 
Said means comprise at least: first means for forbidding the use of certain functions for generating symbology elements; and second means for generating and controlling micro-images for the monitoring of said functions. 
Use of benzotriazole derivatives of formula (1), wherein R<SUB>1</SUB> is C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>30</SUB>alkyl; C<SUB>1</SUB>C<SUB>5</SUB>alkoxy; C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>5</SUB>alkoxycarbonyl; C<SUB>5</SUB>-C<SUB>7</SUB>cycloalkyl; C<SUB>6</SUB>-C<SUB>10</SUB>aryl; aralkyl; -SO<SUB>3</SUB>M; a radical of formula (1a) R<SUB>3</SUB> is hydrogen; C<SUB>1</SUB>C<SUB>5</SUB>alkyl; C<SUB>1</SUB>C<SUB>5</SUB>alkoxy; halogen, preferably Cl; or hydroxy; R<SUB>4</SUB> and R<SUB>5</SUB> are each independently of the other hydrogen; or d-C<SUB>5</SUB>alkyl; m is 1 or 2; n is O or 1 ; if m = 1 , R<SUB>2</SUB> is hydrogen; unsubstituted or phenyl-substituted d-C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>12</SUB>alkyl; or C<SUB>6</SUB>-C<SUB>10</SUB>aryl; if m = 2, R2 is the direct bond; or -(CH<SUB>2</SUB>)<SUB>P</SUB>-; and p is 1 to 3; for enhancing the photostability of cosmetic or dermatologic compositons comprising at least one further organic UV absorber 
The invention relates to a method for producing a paper web or another fiber web. 
According to said method, the fiber web is impinged upon by pressure in a penultimate press nip and then in a last press nip of a press section. 
One side of the fiber web is in contact with a smooth surface when penetrating the penultimate press nip while the other side of the fiber web is in contact with a smooth surface when penetrating the last press nip 
A method for conditionally allowing fruition of broadcast contents, broadcast by a contents broadcaster (115) and received by a user by means of a receiving equipment (110), comprising: performing, locally at the receiving equipment of the user, a first fruition entitlement check based on first fruition entitlement data available locally (225) at the receiving equipment; having the receiving equipment provide to the contents broadcaster the first fruition entitlement data exploiting a return communications channel (125) of the receiving equipment; having the contents broadcaster perform a second fruition entitlement check based on a comparison between the received first fruition entitlement data and second fruition entitlement data available locally (320) to the contents broadcaster; conditioned on a result of the second check, having the contents broadcaster provide to the receiving equipment, exploiting the return communications channel, a fruition entitlement confirmation notification; at the receiving equipment, conditioning the fruition of the broadcast contents based on the receipt of the fruition entitlement confirmation by the contents broadcaster 
This invention relates to screening assay methods that can be applied to broad members of the protein kinase gene family and are useful in the detection and evaluation of kinase inhibitors 
In one embodiment, the invention comprises a channel estimation method, comprising determining a FFT window position, and calculating a delay spread. 
In another embodiment, the step of determining a FFT window position comprises setting an initial position of the FFT window, computing an energy for each tap, time averaging said energy for each tap, comparing an average energy of each tap with a first threshold multiplied by the average energy of all taps, comparing the average energy of each tap with a second threshold multiplied by a maximum average energy in alias components, updating the set of paths if the average energy of the tap is greater than said second threshold multiplied by the maximum average energy in alias components; and refining the FFT window position 
In one embodiment, the disclosure relates to a method for conducting a spectral library search to identify an unknown compound by acquiring one or more spectra of the compound; representing each spectrum as a target vector; providing an n-dimensional space having a plurality of partitioned spaces, at least one of the partitioned spaces containing at least one known vector representing a known material; mapping each target vector in one of the plurality of the partitioned spaces to form a mapped partitioned space; identifying one or more known vectors within the mapped partitioned space which approximate the target vector; and identifying the unknown compound by comparing the target vector to the known vectors within the mapped partitioned space which closely approximate the target vector 
An improved method and an improved instrument for analyte determination that uses naturally emitted infrared radiation of the subject are disclosed. 
The method is based on Thermal Emission Spectroscopy (TSA) where a spectral signal is measured in reference to the body's physiological and ambient parameters. 
An instrument, that utilizes this method, incorporates temperature and humidity sensors. 
Ambient environmental parameters and subject parameters as disclosed allow for the normalization of the spectrally specific analyte signal for greater precision and accuracy of analyte concentration determination. 
This improvement leads to universal calibration in, for example, non-invasive blood glucose measurements in human subjects 
A laminate film having a polyetheramine resin-containing layer on a first polyolefin resin-containing layer or a first polyethylene terephthalate resin-containing layer, wherein the polyetheramine resin contains of at least 30% resorcinol diglycidyl ether comonomer content is disclosed. 
The laminate film could further have additional layers such as a second polyolefin resin-containing layer, a second polyethylene terephthalate resin-containing layer, a metal layer or combinations thereof 
A diving-tank-pocket buoyancy compensator has an expandable diving-tank pocket (1) that envelopes a diving tank (2) which the diving-tank pocket is articulated for containing in addition to at least an inflated buoyancy air cell (3). 
The buoyancy air cell is in fluid communication with a cell end (4) of a buoyancy compensator (BC) tube (5) which has a tank end (6) in fluid communication with an inside periphery of the diving tank through a regulator tube (35) and a regulator valve (7) on the diving tank. 
An adjustable pressure valve (8, 38) intermediate the tank end and the cell end of the BC tube is provided to maintain a pre-determined pressure and resulting constant volume of air in the buoyancy air cell for maintaining a desired constant buoyancy 
A fuel cell power plant (19, 19a) has a plurality of fuel cells (70, 70a, 70c) arranged in a stack (20, 20c), each fuel cell having porous, at least partially hydrophilic water transport plates (75, 81) with fuel (74) and oxidant (82) reactant gas channels, there being water channels (78, 85, 78a, 85a, 78c, 85c) exchanging water with the water transport plates. 
On shut down, water is retained in the water channels and water transport plates by means of either a micro vacuum pump (46), one or two valves (89, 90, 118, 120), a check valve (95, 99), capillary force in the water channels to prevent water from entering the reactant channels which, if frozen, could block flow of reactant gas upon startup 
A printhead having improved is provided. 
The printhead includes a housing having an array of nozzles and a printhead memory incorporated on the housing and containing data pertaining to malfunctioning or missing nozzles of the array 
A portable display includes a supporting wall having an upper surface with an outer periphery. 
A plurality of pairs of spaced apart pins extend upwardly from the upper surface of the supporting wall within the outer periphery thereof. 
At least one article holding member is provided, each article holding member having an underside surface and a pair of spaced apart openings in the underside surface thereof for receiving at least one pair of the pins such that the at least one pair of pins alone removably secures the respective article holding member on the upper surface of the supporting wall 
The invention is directed to methods to inhibit p38 kinase, preferably p38-a using compounds which are azaindoles wherein the azaindoles are coupled through an azacyclic linker to another cyclic moiety 
This invention concerns two injection molded bristled stem cleaning devices (1, 10) and a water dispensing bottle (6) that can be releasably secured with hook and loop fastener sections (5, 8, 13) to the bottom planar surface or lower peripheral base wall of a golf bag and the outside planar or contoured surfaces of golf shoes (11, 12). 
The cleaning device system feature a planar base surface with bristled stems (4) extending perpendicular from said planar surface allowing for contact of the bristles stems (4) with the face of the golf club head. 
These injection molded, bristled stem cleaning devices are combined with a complementary custom molded water dispensing bottle (6) and rectangular sections of adhesive backed hook and loop fasteners (5, 8, 13). 
This combination allows the invention to be transferable from the bottom planar surface of the golf bag to the lower peripheral wall surface of the golf bag and golf shoes (11, 12). 
This cleaning device system being attached directly to the golf bags bottom planar surface, lower peripheral base wall and golf shoe (11, 12) is an improved method for conveniently cleaning the face of the golf club head. 
From the selected mounting position, this bristled stem cleaning device system disperses clustered soil and other debris directly to the ground below the golf bag or golfers shoe (11, 12). 
The cleaning device system and water dispenser (16), provide unparalleled cleaning convenience and eliminate the two handed brushing operation and scattering of debris over the golfers equipment, the result of previous inventions 
An inner sleeve, having threads on each end, is formed on a motor or generator rotor. 
A pair of stub shafts are threadably attached to the inner sleeve at each end and a magnet is placed in between. 
The stub shafts are turned on the inner sleeve to bring them together, thereby creating an axial compressive force on the magnet. 
By keeping the magnet in a compressive state at all times, cracking of the magnet is prevented, thus keeping the rotor stable during use of the motor or generator. 
An outer sleeve is shrunk-fit around the magnet and stub shafts to provide a further radial force on the rotor. 
The magnet assembly of the present invention also enlarges the required radial shrink-fit tolerance of the outer sleeve on the magnet, thereby reducing costs conventionally required to match the outer sleeve to the magnet within close tolerances 
A flexible pipe for transporting abrasive slurry, comprising a tubular body of a flexible polymer, such as rubber, and a multitude of coaxial, wear-resistant rings provided in the polymer along the length of the tube, wherein said rings and said tubular body have at least substantially the same internal diameter, and wherein thickness of the rings near their inner circumference is smaller over at least part of their circumference than the thickness of the rings near their outer circumference 
A semiconductor integrated circuit according to the examples of the present invention is applied to a system using a first power source voltage and a second power source voltage independent of the first power source voltage and includes a first area to which the first power source voltage is supplied, a thermal sensor placed in the first area, and a first input path placed in the first area, for transferring trimming data that determine the control contents of the thermal sensor to the thermal sensor 
The invention provides a method for negotiating datapath treatment for traffic sourced from a first communications network (10) over an end-to-end path in respect of a path segment provided for said traffic in a second communications network (20) , the path segment being requested for a first node (8a) of the second communications network (20) and being targeted to a second node (12) of the second communications node (20) . 
The method comprises: for the first node (8a) , notifying that a datapath capability for the path segment is one for selection for the second node (12) ; communicating datapath capabilities associated with the first node (8a) ; selecting, for the second node (12) , a datapath capability from the datapath capabilities so communicated; communicating the datapath capability so selected for the second node (12) back to the first node (8a) ; and wherein the path segment is established using a signaling protocol of the second communications network (20) . 
The invention may also be implemented in a corresponding communications node. 
Railroad track system on concreted slab that allows to adjust the height of the track, to align the rails (1) and to make them parallel at any time of the system assembly process, comprised of a bed (10), base or support on which are disposed the support means for the rails which consist of steel plates (2) set from rail to rail and supported by bolts (3) placed on either side of the rails, preferably not opposite each other, while the rails are attached to the steel plates adjustable pieces that allow to align each rail and to make the rails parallel. 
This system allows placing an additional rail in order to adjust the track gauge 
The invention relates to a method for temperature limitation according to the current and/or voltage, for an actuating device (10) associated with an electric motor (M), especially a fan regulator (12) of a motor vehicle, the temperature limitation being carried out according to at least one operating parameter of the motor (M). 
The invention also relates to a corresponding device (1) and a fan regulator (12) 
Leukocyte Function-Associated Antigen One (LFA-1) is a cell adhesion molecule selectively expressed on leukocytes, and plays a major role in the activation and trafficking of T lymphocytes in the tissue at sites of inflammation. In the last decade a large body of preclinical data has accumulated to establish the importance of LFA-1 as a biological target, 10 particularly in chronic, T-cell driven inflammatory conditions. 
The invention relates to a method for electrochemically machining electrically conducting work pieces from components having different electrochemical properties. 
Components are electrochemically extracted from the work piece by means of an oscillating tool using high-frequency anode current pulses. 
The anode current pulses are applied as a group of pulses at the time of maximum approximation of the work piece and the tool. 
A long-duration intermediate current pulse is emitted between two groups of pulses, thereby optimally adjusting the pH of the electrolyte in the electrode gap in order to dissolve the respective component of the work piece. 
The invention also relates to a switchgear for carrying out the inventive method and for providing the required current pulses 
The invention relates to a method for controlling a packaging machine which operates in a clocked manner, which comprises first components which are driven in a clocked manner during a working cycle of the packaging machine and a displacement phase and also a stand still phase, and continuously driven components. 
The first components and the second components assume predetermined relative positions at least at the beginning and/or at the end of the working cycle. 
The stand still phase of the first components is extended to a corresponding pause time during an operation-related deceleration of a working cycle. 
The continuously driven second components are not stopped, but the displacement speed of the second components is reduced at least partially to a value of >0 based on the decelerated working cycle 
A method for producing a plant extract comprises incubating a plant material with an enzyme composition comprising a lipolytic enzyme 
Disclosed is a wheel brake comprising an integrated readjusting device, a pressure plunger (2) which is guided in a brake housing (1) and acts against a brake lining (4), a clamping device for actuating the pressure plunger (2), and a readjusting element (10) that is disposed in the power flux between the clamping device and the pressure plunger (2) within the brake housing. 
The readjusting element (10) is screwably connected (11) to the pressure plunger (2). 
A pivotable clamping lever (13) rests against the brake housing (1) as well as in the direction of the pressure plunger (2). 
A pressure transducing device is arranged in the power flux between the clamping lever (13) and the pressure plunger (2). Said pressure transducing device is composed of a first pressure element (60) that is embodied so as to be rotatable relative to the clamping lever (13) and is provided with a pressure surface (60a) as well as a second pressure element (59) which is rotatable relative to the first pressure element (60) and is provided with a counterpressure surface (12a) 
A screw for use with vertebral members having one or more slots that extend along at least a section of the length. 
The slots are sized to contain bone growth material. 
A portion of the screw length may also include threads to assist in inserting and anchoring the screw into a vertebral member. 
In use, the bone growth material is loaded into one or more of the slots. 
Once loaded, the screw may be inserted into the vertebral member to a predetermined depth. 
At this depth, the slots deliver the bone growth material to a position to allow for bone growth to occur 
The invention provides a substrate for inhibiting heat transfer. 
The substrate includes a textile base layer formed with filamentary members. 
The substrate also includes a sliver layer having a plurality of staple fibers interlaced with the filamentary members of the textile base layer. 
The staple fibers of the sliver layer are oriented substantially perpendicular to the base layer. 
The substrate also includes at least one reflective layer attached to one of the base layer and the sliver layer 
A highly efficient watercraft propulsion system that operates continually submerged and relies on a non-circular variable area pump discharge opening which is configured, positioned and oriented so as to maximize the hydraulic reaction between the high velocity water jet stream and the surrounding body of water and is driven by a positive displacement pump 
A high electron mobility transistor including: a GaN material system based heterostructure; a passivating nitride layer over the heterostructure and defining a plurality of openings; and a plurality of electrical contacts for the heterostructure and formed through the openings 
A method, system and computer readable medium for throttling requests to access a shared resource throttles requests that are made too frequently due to, for instance, repeatedly failed access, i.e. a mobile station trying to access location data failed to get the data due to the network conditions and will try again and again until it gets the data, thereby the access frequency of said mobile station during a certain period may be very high. 
The methodology reduces the frequency of requests by setting a throttle end time that is based upon the frequency of previously desired access. 
Access is denied for a time period up until the throttle end time. 
The shared resource may be a CPU, a channel, a data base, etc 
Systems and methods are disclosed herein to provide RFID device test techniques. 
For example, in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention, a radio frequency identification (RFID) device test system includes an RFID device tester adapted to test RFID devices that are disposed in a closely spaced configuration. 
The RFID device tester applies a variable threshold, to each of the RFID devices tested, based on characteristics of at least one of the RFID devices neighboring the RFID device being tested 
A system and method for implementing soft handoffs in a cellular communications system on a mobile platform. 
The system employs an antenna controller in communication with a beam forming network that generates two independently aimable lobes from a single beam. 
The single beam is radiated by a phased array antenna on the mobile platform. 
In an Air-to-Ground implementation involving an aircraft, a base transceiver station (BTS) look-up position table is utilized to provide the locations of a plurality of BTS sites within a given region that the aircraft is traversing. 
The antenna controller controls the beam forming network to generate dual lobes from the single beam that facilitate making a soft handoff from one BTS site to another. 
In a ground-based application, one lobe of the beam is used to maintain a communications link with one BTS site while a second lobe of the beam is continuously scanned about a predetermined arc to receive RF signals from other BTS sites and to determine when a new BTS site has become available that will provide a higher quality link than the link presently made with the one BTS site. 
A soft handoff is then implemented from the one BTS site to the new BTS site 
A medical device is provided comprising a transcutaneous device unit and a process unit. 
The transcutaneous device unit may comprise a transcutaneous device for transporting a fluid through a skin portion of a subject, and a mounting surface adapted for application to the skin of the subject. 
The process unit may comprise a reservoir adapted to contain a fluid drug, the reservoir comprising an outlet means allowing the transcutaneous device to be arranged in fluid communication with an interior of the reservoir, and an expelling assembly for expelling a fluid drug out of the reservoir and through the skin of the subject via the transcutaneous device. 
The transcutaneous device unit and the process unit further comprise coupling means allowing the reservoir unit to be secured to the transcutaneous device unit in the situation of use. 
By this arrangement a two-unit system is provided which can be used in a convenient and cost-effective manner 
The invention relates to a method for drying preferably plate-shaped products containing water in a multistage continuous dryer as well as such a dryer for carrying out said method. 
The invention is characterized in that humid air accumulated below the housing (2) in a dryer of said type is sucked off and is conveyed into the suction zone (12) of the axial fans (9) located in the lower stages, whereupon humid air is admixed in a differentiated manner to an amount of drying air and is delivered to the nozzle boxes (5) of the dryer 
A microneedle application device for moving a microneedle array toward a target skin location includes a feedback sensor. The feedback sensor is operably connected to the microneedle application device, and is capable of generating an output corresponding to forces between the target skin location and the microneedle application device. 
Trick play resistant advertisements. Specified commercials could be recognized by the software in set-top boxes to prohibit the use of trick play for the duration of the commercial. 
The commercials would also be precluded from trick play when played in a multi-room system or when recorded to a DVD. 
Specified commercials could also be protected from updates or local ad insertion, and only be updated when specified by the company responsible for the commercial 
An optical fiber strain sensor (102), a method of fabricating the same, and a method of sensing strain. 
The method of strain sensing comprises providing an optical fiber (104) having a fiber Bragg grating (FBG) formed therein; subjecting the optical fiber (104) to a strain inducing force (120) such that a grating period in a first portion of the FBG compresses (114) and a grating period in a second portion of the FBG extends (118); and optically interrogating the FBG to determine a measure of a change in bandwidth of the FBG as a result of the compression (114) and extension (118) of the grating periods in the first and second portion respectively; whereby the measure of the change in the bandwidth is representative of the strain induced 
An optical layered product which comprises a light-transmitting base and a hard coat layer and which is effectively prevented from causing interfacial reflection and an interference fringe by eliminating the interface between the base and the layer. 
The optical layered product comprises a light-transmitting base and a hard coat layer formed thereon, wherein the hard coat layer is formed from a resin, an antifouling agent, and an infiltrating solvent having the property of infiltrating into (swelling/dissolving) the light-transmitting base. 
Due to the constitution, the product has no interface between the light-transmitting base and the hard coat layer 
A composite tube where the outer surface of a tube is coated with a foam is characterized in that the foam is a rod-like foam with a layer, 40% or more of the rod-like foam in a cross-section perpendicular to the longitudinal direction of the foam has a substantially sectoral profile formed by long and short arc portions on two large and small concentric circles and two straight line portions extending radially in the outer circumferential direction from the center of the concentric circles, and conditions of formula (1) are satisfied. 
0.5<a/b<2.5 ..... formula (1) (In the formula, a represents the length of one half of the sum of the length at the long arc portion and the length at the short arc portion of the substantially sectoral profile, and b represents the length of the straight line portion of the substantially sectoral profile. 
A method whereby a biological process in a mammalian subject is more effectively analyzed or measured with the use of noninvasive imaging. 
More specifically speaking, a method of conducting more effective optical noninvasive imaging by using a luminescent enzyme which exhibits a luminescent activity in the long wavelength side with a high tissue permeability and shows little change in the luminescent spectrum depending on pH 
An intake device (1) of an internal combustion engine, wherein a partition plate (4A) is installed in an intake pipe (3) along the longitudinal direction to divide the inside of the intake pipe into a first intake passage (5) as the upper side passage of the intake pipe and a second intake passage (6) as the lower side passage of the intake pipe. 
Also, the intake device comprises an intake control valve (10) opening and closing the second intake passage (6). 
The partition plate (4) comprises a plurality of holes (9) allowing the first intake passage (5) to communicate with the second intake passage (6) so that a fuel on the lower side of the partition plate can be sucked to the first intake passage. 
The intake device (1) generates an airflow flowing from the second intake passage to the first intake passage in the holes (9) when a strong tumble flow flows in the first intake passage (5) to suck the fuel (FU) adhered to the partition plate 
[PROBLEMS] A system for supporting medicine filling operation determines whether or not a combination of a medicine container and a medicine is appropriate and performs filling operation reliably and quickly without making a mistake. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] A control means (7) determines whether or not a medicine and an object on which the medicine is to be mounted conform to each other, the determination being based on medicine identification information or information on the object received by a communication means (6) and based on a medicine master, mounting master, and exchange table stored in a storage means (4). 
Information on the medicine, information on the object on which the medicine is mounted, or determination result that is read by the control means (7) and received via the communication means (6) and communication section (10) can be displayed on a display section (9) of a portable terminal (3) 
In a bonded wafer manufacturing method, at least a bonded wafer is provided by bonding a base wafer to be a supporting substrate with a bond wafer composed of silicon single crystal through an insulating film or directly, the bond wafer is thinned, and a thin film composed of silicon single crystal is formed on the base wafer. 
The bonded wafer manufacturing method is characterized in that the bond wafer thinning is performed while measuring the thickness of the bond wafer, at least by plane polishing, and when the thickness of the bond wafer becomes a target thickness, the plane polishing of the bond wafer is stopped. 
Thus, the bonded wafer manufacturing method by which the silicon single crystal thin film having a highly accurate desired film thickness is provided, the bonded wafer, and a plane polishing apparatus which can make the silicon single crystal thin film have the highly accurate desired film thickness are provided 
Body thermoregulation device characterized in that it comprises a hat-like structure (1,2) provided with a container (3) which can be adapted to the shape of one's head and containing a cooling composition 
A glasses hinge and method to obtain said hinge is disclosed, of the type comprising a male portion (M) and a female portion (F), mutually connected by a small articulated pin (P), equipped with coupling surfaces, apt to define blocking positions while opening and closing, which are radial and, at least on one of the two portions, are obtained by removing material through mechanical machining 
Provided are methods of using fluid loss control additives that comprise a water-soluble polymer with hydrophobic or hydrophilic modification. 
In one embodiment, a method of providing at least some degree of fluid loss control during a subterranean treatment is provided. 
In an example of such a method, the method may comprise providing a treatment fluid comprising an aqueous liquid and a fluid loss control additive, the fluid loss control additive comprising a water-soluble polymer with hydrophobic or hydrophilic modification; and introducing the treatment fluid into a well bore that penetrates a subterranean formation, wherein there is at least a partial reduction in fluid loss into at least a portion of the subterranean formation from the treatment fluid and/or another aqueous fluid introduced into well bore subsequent to the treatment fluid 
Correction of an OLED display having light-emitting elements responsive to a multi-valued input signal causing the elements to emit light at a plurality of brightness levels. 
Brightness of each element at two or more different input signal values is measured, and employed to estimate a maximum input signal value at which the element will not emit more than a predefined minimum brightness and the rate at which the brightness of the element increases above the minimum in response to increases in the value of the input signal. 
Estimated maximum value at which the element will not emit light more than the predefined minimum and the rate at which the brightness of the element increases above the predefined minimum in response to increases in the value of the input signal is used to modify the input signal to a corrected input signal 
Embodiments include a fuel rail (100) and method for making the fuel rail. 
Embodiments of the fuel rail (100) include an elongate tubular body (102) with a wall (104) defining a lumen (106), the elongate tubular body (102) formed with a thermoset composite material, and a pressure port (140) having a lumen (146) in fluid communication with the lumen (106) of the elongate tubular body (102) 
The present invention provides binding molecules that specifically bind to GITR, e.g., human GITR (hGITR), on T cells and dendritic cells. 
Binding molecules of the invention are characterized by binding to hGITR with high affinity, in the presence of a stimulating agent, e.g., CD3, are agonistic, and abrogate the suppression of Teff cells by Treg cells. 
Various aspects of the invention relate to binding molecules, and pharmaceutical compositions thereof, as well as nucleic acids, recombinant expression vectors and host cells for making such binding molecules. 
Methods of using a binding molecule of the invention to detect human GITR or to modulate human GITR activity, either in vitro or in vivo, are also encompassed by the invention 
A condensate pump for an HVAC system includes a reservoir with a top assembly, which includes control electronics, a pump motor, and a pump impeller, mounted on top of the reservoir. 
The condensate pump includes wall hangers. 
The top assembly has a top cover with four inlet openings, and the top cover is reversible to accommodate placement of the electric service and the evaporator tube. 
The top cover has tube holders that extend into the reservoir so that the evaporator tube does not bottom out in the reservoir. 
The reservoir is made of clear plastic so that the water level can be readily observed. 
The condensate pump has control circuitry that can shut off the HVAC system or sound an alarm when the pump fails. The condensate pump has a drawer for biostat tablets. 
The drawer passes through the top assembly and extends into reservoir 
A garment coupling system and method of use thereof, wherein the present system contemplates the structural modification of scarves and/or other selected garments/accessories via the incorporation of a peripherally-reinforced aperture discretely positioned on the garment body; thereby, enabling a plurality of such structurally-modified garments to be coupled, and, thus, commonly bound by inserting or feeding an associated fastener or coupling device through the aligned apertures of each such garment 
A flip chip interconnect of a die on a substrate is made by mating the interconnect bump onto a narrow interconnect pad on a lead or trace, rather than onto a capture pad. 
The width of the narrow interconnect pad is less than a base diameter of bumps on the die to be attached. 
Also, a flip chip package includes a die having solder bumps attached to interconnect pads in an active surface, and a substrate having narrow interconnect pads on electrically conductive traces in a die attach surface, in which the bumps are mated onto the narrow pads on the traces 
An apparatus (10) for removing hair employs two overlapping thread portions (14) and (16) wherein one thread portion is helically wound or coiled around the other to form at least one hair trap (18) to grasp and pull strands of hair. 
A motorized oscillation arm (32) alternately tightens and loosens each side of one thread portion to manipulate the hair trap. 
The thread is held in tension in a readily removable and replaceable yoke (12) to facilitate disposal of the used thread and replacement with unused thread. 
A housing (20) contains a battery-operated motor (24) to move the oscillation arm which has hooks (36) to engage the thread 
The present invention provides a system and method for optimizing the performance of 13.56 MHz frequency RFID tags in conjunction with metal substrates. 
Briefly, a thickness exists for each type of RFID isolator material at which the performance of a 13.56 MHz RFID tag is optimal when used with metal. 
Varying from this optimal value, in either the positive or negative direction adversely affects read distance. 
A method of determining this optimal thickness is disclosed, as well as an RFID tag or a substrate being used in conjunction with a material of this thickness 
A safety syringe is formed of an inner sleeve receiving a cartridge with liquid, an outer sleeve through which said inner sleeve is telescopically reciprocated, and a plunger assembly that is attached to the inner sleeve and used to eject the liquid. 
The needle is mounted on a front end of the inner sleeve and in a retracted position is wholly contained within the outer sleeve while in a protracted position the needle is exposed so that it can be used for an injection. 
Advantageously, in one embodiment, the inner sleeves can rotate with respect to each other causing the needle to rotate both when the needle is extended and when is retracted into the outer sleeve. 
Another feature of the invention is that in one embodiment the inner sleeve has an internal puncture member for puncturing the cartridge. 
Therefore, instead of a dental needle with two sharp tips, a standard needle with a single tip and a Luer connection may be used 
During operation radio frames are divided into a plurality of subframes (301). 
Data is transmitted over the radio frames within a plurality of subframes, and having a frame duration selected from two or more possible frame durations (701, 702, 703) 
During operation radio frames are divided into a plurality of subframes. 
Data is transmitted over the radio frames within a plurality of subframes, and having a frame duration selected from two or more possible frame durations 
Disclosed is a method for processing a waste water containing an oxygen-containing compound having a phenolic hydroxyl group or a carbonyl group, which comprises the following first step and second step. 
First step: An alkaline agent is added into a waste water containing an oxygen-containing compound having a phenolic hydroxyl group or a carbonyl group so that the waste water has a pH of not less than 10. 
Second step: The waste water to which the alkaline agent is added in the first step is distilled for separating a waste liquid in which the oxygen-containing compound having a phenolic hydroxyl group or a carbonyl group is concentrated 
It is an object of the present invention to provide a novel material capable of realizing excellent color purity of blue, and a light emitting element and a light emitting device using the novel material. 
Further, it is an object of the present invention to provide which is highly reliable, and a light emitting element and a light emitting device using the novel material. 
The structure for solving the above problems in accordance with the present invention is an anthracene derivative simultaneously having a diphenylanthracene structure and a carbazole skeleton in a molecule as represented by structural formula (1) 
The present invention provides a laser irradiation apparatus which can accurately control positions of beam spots of laser beams emitted from laser oscillators and the distance between the adjacent beam spots. 
A laser irradiation apparatus of the present invention includes a first movable stage with an irradiation body provided, two or more laser oscillators emitting laser beams, a plurality of second movable stages with the laser oscillators and optical systems provided, and a means for detecting at least one alignment maker. 
The first stage and the second stages may move not only in one direction but also in a plurality of directions. 
Further, the optical systems are to shape the laser beams emitted from the laser oscillators into linear beams on the irradiation surface 
A swing part structure of an industrial robot, wherein an eccentrically swinging speed reducer is installed at the swing part of the industrial robot 
Disclosed are a vinyl chloride copolymer resin composition for use in injection molding which is useful for the production of a vinyl chloride resin injection molded article having excellent flowability during molding processing, impact resistance and surface appearance without the need to blend a variety of additives in large amounts therewith; and a vinyl chloride injection molded article produced from the composition. 
In the composition, a vinyl chloride copolymer resin which is produced by copolymerizing a vinyl monomer and a macromonomer having a main chain comprising a polymer made of an ethylenically unsaturated monomer having a double bond therein is used as the main component. 
In the copolymerization of the vinyl monomer (A) and the macromonomer (B), these components are used at the (A)/(B) ratio ranging from 99.5 wt%/0.5 wt% to 60 wt%/40 wt% 
The invention concerns a device for transforming a rotational movement of a shaft (8) rotating about an axis of rotation (9), into a reciprocating rectilinear movement of a mobile part along a direction substantially parallel to said axis or inversely, comprising an oscillating plate (25) with axis (14) inclined relative to the axis (9) of the shaft (3), the intersection of said axes (9, 14) defining a instantaneous center of rotation O of the oscillating tray. 
The device is further provided with at least one spindle-forming shaft (27) extending substantially perpendicular relative to said axis (14), an axis of said spindle passing substantially through the instantaneous center of rotation O of the oscillating plate, and a linking element extending substantially perpendicular relative to the axis of the spindle and relative to the axes (9, 19) of rotation of the shaft and of translation of the mobile part, said linking element co-operating with the spindle and being designed to be mounted on the mobile part 
The invention relates to the use of hydrophobin for providing hard surfaces with a soil repellent property, in particular in combination with surface cleaning, to a method for hard surface soil-repellent treatment, to a hard surface cleaning agent and to hard surfaces provided with a hydrophobin-containing soil-repellent coating 
The invention relates to a drive for a driving rod (1) for a window or door, wherein a toothed wheel (7) which is, for example manually controlled by a hand lever, is rotationally mounted in a housing (4). 
A driving rod (3) movable along the housing (4) and directly or indirectly interacting with the teeth of the toothed wheel (7) is associated therewith. 
Abutments (13) extending in a parallel position to the axis of rotation (14) of the toothed wheel (7) are provided in the housing (4) for the hand lever fixing elements. 
Said housing (4) comprises two housing halves (5,6) in which the toothed wheel (7) bearing is placed. 
A spacer (8) is arranged between the housing halves (5,6) and comprises the abutments for the hand lever fixing elements and fixing elements connectable to said housing halves (5,6). 
The aim of said invention is to design a drive for the driving rod drive consisting of individual parts which are easily producible at low cost and mountable without any problem. 
For this purpose, the housing halves consist of identical plates (5, 6), the spacer (8) is embodied in the form of an angled metal sheet section which is placed between said plates and comprises at least one vertical web (15) which extends along the axis of rotation (14) of the toothed wheel (7) and is associated with said plates (5, 6) for fixing, the spacer (8) length approximately corresponds to the space between the fixing elements, and the abutments (13) are mounted on said spacer 
The invention relates to a circuit-breaker (1) comprising at least one separating opening (13, 14) which is located in the base (10) of a housing and at least partially crosses a separating point (2, 3) between a first functional part (F<SUB>3</SUB>) and a second functional part (F<SUB>5</SUB>, F<SUB>6</SUB>). 
In a bipolar circuit-breaker (1) comprising four contact terminals (F<SUB>1</SUB> to F<SUB>4</SUB>) that are arranged in a housing (10, 26) and are extrusion-coated together in the base (10) of the housing, said contact terminals are adjacently arranged in a plane. 
The invention also relates to a method for producing a circuit-breaker (1), according to which a metal strip (M<SUB>m</SUB>) interconnecting a number of functional parts (F<SUB>n</SUB>) specific to the switch is extrusion-coated in the base (10) of a housing. 
According to said method, the metal strip (M<SUB>m</SUB>) is then split at a number of separating points (2, 3, 6, 7) specific to the switch 
A switch controller (1) has a charge pump (8), a selector switch (5) connected to the charge pump (8), and a pre-charge power supply input (7) connectable to the input of the selector switch (5). 
For each of the output channels (2, 3, 4) being controlled, a power control switch (26) is connected to an output of the selector switch (2, 3, 4). 
In response to commands, output channels (2, 3, 4) are enabled and disabled, causing corresponding actions in the power control switches (26). 
When an output channel (2, 3, 4) is to be activated, the output channel (2, 3, 4) is selected by the selector switch (5) and the pre-charge power supply (7) connected to the input of the selector switch (5). 
The charging is completed by the charge pump (8) and the enabled status of the power control switch (26) is maintained by the charge pump (8) 
The invention relates to a sanitary wash area, consisting of a wash basin, a shower unit or a bath or birthing pool with a known construction (1). Said area comprises a water supply (2) and a water outlet (3), the supply (2) being equipped with a sterile filter with a known construction (4) and the water outlet (3) with a self-disinfecting siphon trap (5). 
The area can also be equipped with one or several UV lamps (6) for disinfecting the interior of the basin (1), the outflow of the sterile filter (4) and the entrance to the self-disinfecting siphon trap (5). 
The sanitary wash area can have a cover (8), which is removed when the basin etc. (1) is used 
Color displays superpose a two color image component with a monochrome image component to yield full color images. 
Each image component may be generated by controlling an array of light sources. 
In some embodiments the monochrome image component is provided by a backlight and the two color component is provided by an array of sub-pixels of two types 
The present invention facilitates more accurate data reads by compensating for parasitic behavior (662) - thus regulating the voltage at the drain (610) of a core memory cell (604) rather than at the output of a sensing circuit. 
More particularly, respective voltages at one or more nodes (660), such as the start of a bitline at a sensing circuit, for example, are adjusted to compensate for voltage drops that may occur due to parasitic behavior (662). 
Maintaining the substantially constant voltage levels at core memory cells allows comparisons to be made under ideal conditions while reducing the side leakages in virtual ground schemes. 
This mitigates margin loss and facilitates more reliable data sensing 
The present invention provides a method and system for imposing constraints on the induction of decision trees to control where in the decision tree, and in what order specific attributes may be used as node splitters. 
The invention is used to force a decision tree to contain a specified attribute in one or more locations, or to require the construction of a decision tree in which nodes split using one group of attributes always appear above or always appear below nodes using another group of attributes. 
This constrained tree is grown and optionally pruned in the same way that a prior art tree is grown and optionally pruned, subject only to the constraints imposed by the method of the present invention 
The invention generally relates to the use of archaea to modulate nutrient harvesting in a subject. 
In particular, the invention provides methods that use archaea to modulate the nutrient harvesting functions of the microbiota in the subject's gastrointestinal tract 
A slide caliper assembly comprises a caliper (10, 110, 210) including a shaft (12, 112, 212) defining a gaging surface (14, 114, 214). 
A first jaw (16, 116, 216) is coupled to and a second jaw (22, 122, 222) is slidably coupled to the shaft. 
Each jaw defines a gaging surface (18, 23, 118, 123, 218, 223). 
One of the jaws is adjustably pivotable relative to the shaft about a pivot axis (38,138,153) coinciding with an intersection of the gaging surface of the shaft and another axis (40, 140, 161) extending along the the associated gaging surface of one of the jaws. 
A case (300) houses the caliper, and has a plurality of side edge sections (318, 320, 322, 324, 326, 328) defining a periphery of the case. 
One side edge section and an adjacent side edge form a non-right angle therebetween such that the shaft can abut the side edge section, the first jaw can abut an adjacent side edge section, and the second jaw can abut another adjacent side edge section for calibrating or demonstrating the use of the caliper 
An automated seal applicator for applying a sealing cover to a microplate. The microplate can comprise a plurality of wells for receiving an assay. 
The automated seal applicator can comprise a housing and a removable sealing cover cassette containing a sealing cover roll. 
The sealing cover roll can comprise an elongated carrier liner and a plurality of individual sealing covers releasably carried on the elongated carrier liner. 
The sealing cover cassette can be selectively engagable with the housing. 
A sealing cover drive system can engage the sealing cover roll and maintain a predetermined alignment of each of the plurality of individual sealing covers relative to the microplate 
An RF amplifier system (100) employing an analog predistortion module (112) is disclosed. 
The disclosed analog predistortion module (112) is based on zero crossings of the gain error curves (AM-AM and AM-PM curves minus DC). 
The hardware structure uses the product of first-order functions avoiding the need for a large dynamic range in the coefficients to shape the lower part of the gain curves. 
The higher-order nonlinear functions used for magnitude and phase corrections are preferably derived from a single envelope detector (300). 
An equal number of multipliers are preferably used in each path when the order of the magnitude and phase corrections are equal or differ by one, thus reducing delay mismatches between the magnitude and phase correction signals 
Devices and methods for performing the relative concentration of a target in a sample, the sample containing both target and non-target components, the method performed by partitioning the sample into a large number of reaction volumes such that the target is concentrated relative to the non-target, and performing a detection assay upon each reaction volume to detect the target 
Disclosed are embodiments of apparatus and methods for separating particles in a fluid stream by size. 
In one illustrative embodiment of an apparatus for separating such particles, a housing is provided, which defines a channel for a fluid stream containing particles. A suction channel is provided, which terminates at a suction port. 
A blowing channel terminating at a blowing port is also provided. The blowing port is positioned adjacent to the suction port such that the suction port is positioned in between the fluid stream and the blowing port. 
The blowing port and the suction port are configured to create a low pressure region and thereby redirect the first fluid stream towards the low pressure region 
An embodiment of a utensil receptacle is disclosed including a peripheral wall structure having an upper end defining a top opening, a lower end and a substantially oval cross-section, an outer base member being releasably engageable to the lower end, a caddy configured to releasably engage the outer base member and including a bottom wall having holes, and a drainage tray for collecting fluids flowing through the holes 
Systems and methods for reconfigurable wireless interconnects for data communication are provided. 
A computer system comprises a plurality of processing elements and one or more reconfigurable wireless interconnects. 
Each processing element is adapted to communicate data to at least on other processing element through the one or more reconfigurable wireless interconnects 
A method of bonding of germanium to aluminum between two substrates to create a robust electrical and mechanical contact is disclosed. 
An aluminum-germanium bond has the following unique combination of attributes: (1) it can form a hermetic seal; (2) it can be used to create an electrically conductive path between two substrates; (3) it can be patterned so that this conduction path is localized; (4) the bond can be made with the aluminum that is available as standard foundry CMOS process. 
This has the significant advantage of allowing for wafer-level bonding or packaging without the addition of any additional process layers to the CMOS wafer 
There are disclosed liquid compositions comprising water, a fiber such as inulin, and a glycosaminoglycan that is selected from chondroitin sulfate, glucosamine, or a mixture thereof. 
The liquid compositions may further comprise at least one or more sweeteners, a source of calcium, at least one or more flavor additives, trehalose, at least one or more acids, sodium citrate, monopotassium phosphate, fruit juice, fruit juice concentrate, or the like, and any combination thereof. 
The liquid compositions may be suitable for use in health-related applications, among other applications 
Device for placing on the chest of a patient, to cooperate with the hands of a person who is carrying out chest compressions. 
The device comprises a mechanical sound generator that comprises a plate (2) which is fixed and formed so that it provides a sound when a bending downwards that exceeds a predetermined value is forced onto the plate (2). 
The plate (2) is fixed and prestressed to a certain curvature that does not exceed the curvature at which the plate suddenly changes its bending stiffness. 
The lifetime of the plate is thereby significantly increased 
A method for detecting computer viruses includes the following steps: (a) enabling a server device to make statistics of computer virus infection record of a mobile terminal and infection record of all computer viruses in a network so as to obtain infection number rankings of viruses that infected the mobile terminal and all computer viruses in the network, respectively; (b) enabling the server device to generate virus pattern data according to infection number ranking results of the viruses that infected the mobile terminal and all computer viruses in the network; (c) enabling the server device to transmit the virus pattern data to the mobile terminal; (d) enabling the mobile terminal to receive data via the network; and (e) enabling the mobile terminal to detect whether the data is infected by a computer virus with reference to the virus pattern data, and to transmit computer virus infection information to the server device upon detection that the data is infected by a computer virus 
A casting nozzle suitable for production of cast materials of pure magnesium and magnesium alloys. 
Nozzle (1) is used to feed a molten material between rolls (10) as a casting mold to thereby produce cast material (100), and arranged so that pouring port (4) is positioned between a pair of rolls (10) disposed opposite to each other. 
This nozzle (1) comprises main body (1a) of an oxide material, such as alumina, and coating layer (3) of a material substantially not containing oxygen, the coating layer (3) superimposed on an inner circumferential surface of the main body (1a) brought into contact with molten material. 
The main body (1a), as it is not brought into direct contact with molten material by means of the coating layer (3), can avoid any reaction of oxygen contained in the main body (1a) with molten material. 
Further, casting mold contact portion (2) of the nozzle (1) brought into contact with the rolls (10) is constituted of a heat-insulating material, so that cooling of the molten material within the nozzle (1) by the rolls (10) via the casting mold contact portion (2) can be avoided 
There is provided an illumination system for irradiating a distortion-free irradiation image onto an irradiation plane with a simple arrangement. 
A light blocking mask (24) for shielding light incident to each lens section (23b) from an LED (12) is arranged oppositely to a fly eye lens (23). 
An aperture profile of a light blocking part (24b) arranged on the light blocking mask (24) is set in accordance with the opposing state of the fly eye lens (23) and the irradiation plane (100). 
The light blocking part (24b) prevents incidence of light to each lens section (23b) from a region causing distortion of the irradiation image on the irradiation plane (100) 
A display unit comprising an opening (16) for displaying an image by outputting to the outside a light quantity according to an input signal, and a parallax barrier for separating this image into different viewing angles. 
The parallax barrier is provided with a plurality of oblong barriers (3a). 
The opening (16) is divided into 2n pieces (n: an integer of at least two) of regions parallel to the longitudinal direction a of a barrier (3a) such that, when the area of each region is L1 ··· Ln, Rn ··· R1 sequentially for regions starting with the left-most region, the area of each region satisfies the relation in the expression (1) (m: an integer from 1 to n). 
Accordingly, it is possible to offer an image of an equivalent display grade to observers on the left and right in a display unit displaying double images 
Conventional thermal flow measurement devices lack consideration for an automobile against severe environment. 
The inventive thermal flow measurement device includes a detection element consisting of, all formed on the surface of a thin portion (diaphragm) which is formed on a planar substrate of silicon or ceramic exhibiting good thermal conductivity, a heating resistor as a heater heated to a temperature having a predetermined temperature difference from the temperature of air flow being measured, temperature detecting resistors as temperature detecting means on the opposite sides of the heating resistor, a wiring portion composed of an electric conductor having a melting point of 2000°C or above and leading out signal lines from the heating resistor and the temperature detecting resistors, and a pad 
A flow control device and a flow control method capable of controlling a flow at high rangeability while maintaining high controllability. 
The flow control device comprises fluid pipelines (1), (2), (4), and (5) and a flat plate-like valve support substrate (3) disposed midway in the fluid pipelines. 
A plurality of independently operable opening/closing valves (11) are installed in the valve support substrate (3). 
Thus, flow control at high rangeability can be performed by opening and closing the specific opening/closing valve properly selected from among the plurality of opening/closing valves (11) 
A passenger conveyor, comprising a plurality of steps (2) having step rollers (6, 7), a step chain (8) circulatingly moving in engagement with the plurality of steps (2), guide rails (13a, 13b, 14a, 14b) installed at the intermediate part of a truss and guiding the step rollers (6, 7) of the steps (2), and an intermediate drive device (12) installed at the intermediate part of the truss and transmitting a drive force to the step chain (8). 
A step attitude changing zone (Z) for changing the attitude of the steps (2) in a return side moving route is formed in the return side moving route for the steps (2) 
A speaker includes a frame (6) coupling a magnetic circuit (5), a diaphragm (8) having a center portion connected to a voice coil (7) and an outer circumference connected to the frame (6) via a first edge (8A), and a diaphragm guide (9) having an inner circumference connected to the rear surface of the diaphragm (8) and an outer circumference connected to the frame (6) via a second edge (9B). 
A connected portion (9A) of the inner circumference of the diaphragm guide (9) connected to the rear surface of the diaphragm (8) is arranged at an inner side as compared to the intersection (8B) with the diaphragm (8) positioned on the extension of the outer circumference of the diaphragm guide (9). 
This reduces the affect of resonance of the second edge (9B) given to the diaphragm (8). 
Accordingly, no dip is caused in the frequency characteristic and it is possible to obtain a speaker of an excellent performance 
An indwelling needle device has a shield tube (4a), a soft outer needle (8) fixed to the front end of the shield tube, a hub (2) movable in an inner cavity of the shield tube and to which transfusion tube (3) is connected, and a hard inner needle (1) fixed to the front end of the hub and insertable into an inner cavity of the outer needle. 
The hub has a lateral penetration path (2e) penetrating to an inner cavity of the hub. 
A space (14) between the outer peripheral surface of the hub and the inner peripheral surface of the shield tube is communicated with the inner cavity (10) of the hub via the lateral penetration path, and a sealing section (2c) for keeping liquid tightness between the hub and the shield tube is provided at that portion of the hub outer peripheral surface which is more on the rear end side than the lateral penetration path. 
Engagement recesses (2b) are provided in the hub outer peripheral surface, on side walls on both sides of the lateral penetration path. 
A rear end engagement projection (12b) is provided on the inner peripheral surface of the shield tube, and the rear end engagement projection is engageable with the engagement recess when the inner needle is being received in the inner cavity of the shield tube. 
Sufficient opening area for communication with the inner cavity of the hub is secured, firm connection can be achieved between the hub side walls having the openings and the front end of the hub, and the hub can be constructed in a small size 
A thin slide unit where an endless circulation path for balls is constructed by combining two ball plates having track-like ball grooves formed in them, wherein the balls are smoothly circulated in the unit constructed only by directly joining the two ball plates without use of a guide plate, thereby smooth reciprocation of a slider relative to a guide rail is realized. 
The endless ball circulation path of the slider is constructed by setting the two ball plates, having track-like grooves formed in them, opposite to each other and directly joining the ball plates together. 
When edge sides of the two ball plates are placed opposite to each other, a load opening for causing the balls in the endless circulation path to be in contact with a rolling groove of the guide rail is formed and, also, a scooping-up section for lifting the balls from the rolling groove to guide them into the endless circulation path is formed 
A toner which is prepared, in an aqueous medium, by a method comprising dispersing second resin particles in a core particle dispersion having first resin particles and attaching the second resin particles in a molten state to core particles, wherein a second resin particle dispersion having the above second resin particles is added in the state it is so adjusted as to have a pH of HS + 2 to HS -5, when the pH value of the above core particle dispersion having first resin particles is HS, and wherein, by the above adjustment of pH, the toner has a volume average particle diameter of 3 to 7 µm, a content of the toner particles having a particle diameter of 2.52 to 4 µm of 10 to 75 number %, the content of the toner particles having a particle diameter of 4 to 6.06 µm of 25 to 75 vol %, and the content of the toner particles having a particle diameter of 8 µm or more of 5 vol % or less. 
The present invention allows the preparation of a toner having a sharp particle size distribution and a small particle diameter, without the need for a classification step, the preparation of a toner having a long life, and the preparation of a toner or a two-component developing agent being free from the occurrence of voids and from scattering in the step of transferring 
An in-cylinder injector (110) injects a spray such that the spray spreads in an inverted V-shape with a spark plug lying between two prongs when viewed from above and in a fan shape when viewed from a side. 
On a top surface of a piston, a cavity (123C) having a bottom surface and an outermost side surface is provided, the bottom surface directing the spray spread in a fan shape when viewed from above toward the spark plug when the spray impinges thereon, and the outermost side surface directing the spray spread in the inverted V-shape when viewed two-dimensionally toward the spark plug when the spray impinges thereon. 
When viewed from above, cavity (123C) is arranged in such a position as not overlapping with a position of a piston pin boss portion (123B) provided in a lower portion of the piston. 
A system for securing access to an electronic resource is provided, which comprises at least one data processing terminal and a support including at least first and second series of numerical values, said terminal comprising storage means, processing means and display means, said storage means storing a combination of a user reference and an electronic resource user access reference for at least one user and instructions which configure said processing means to generate a third series of random numerical values and request user input in response to said user requesting access to said electronic resource, compare said user input and said electronic resource user access reference upon receiving said user input, and grant access to said electronic resource upon said comparison returning a match, wherein said user input comprises at least one numerical value of said first series identified with positioning said support relative to said display device and comparing corresponding numerical value of said second series with corresponding numerical value of said third series 
The invention relates to nerve stimulation apparatus having a control unit, first and second electrodes which impart an electrical current on the user's body there between and first and second sensors adapted to detect an electrical signal differential detected there between. 
This allows electrical stimulation of the users muscles to be provided whilst allowing the cardiac cycle of the user to be simultaneously monitored by the apparatus . 
There is also provided a method of providing nerve stimulation and exercise monitoring 
This invention relates to signalling of control information related to retransmissions in a wireless communication network. 
According to one aspect of the invention, a method for controlling transmission over a wireless communication link is provided. 
The method comprises the step of indicating on a transmission resource control channel whether a HARQ retransmission process in a mobile station should be activated or deactivated 
The invention relates to a method for producing a plant with increased growth, size or weight, or increased growth speed as well as an increased seed yield, which method comprises transforming a plant cell with a nucleic acid that encodes the p-coumaroyl ester 3'-hydroxylase (C3'H), and generating therefrom a plant that overexpresses C3'H 
Production of coatings and plasters based on detrited recycled rubber which has been partly or fully from its alkaline environment so as the final product to be considered stable on commercial selves. 
This filler, after its modification, reduces the cost of the final paint. 
The objectives of the invention was to offer an ecologically oriented chemical, using recycled material, easily applied, and stable enough for wide commercial exploitation 
A modular display system (10) which can be used in a variety of environments for displaying informational signage, advertising, relaying TV images, art installations and so on. The modular display system (10) comprises a fascia assembly (12) comprising an array (16) of light transmitting cells (18) and an illumination assembly (14) comprising an array of light sources (32) . 
In use each of the light sources (32) is alignable with a cell (18) of the fascia assembly. 
The modular display system (10) further comprises a processor (34) controlling the light sources (32) . 
The cells (18) of the array (16) are hexagonal and at the edges of each fascia assembly (12) the cells (18) are cut along a line which bisects two adjacent or opposite non-parallel walls of each cell (18). 
The invention relates to a disc brake (1) comprising a brake calliper (10), whose housing (11) contains at least one brake pad (16) that is supported by at least one pad guide (20) and comprising at least one bearing bolt (25), the brake calliper being displaceably mounted on a fixing device (5) that is permanently attached to the vehicle by means of said bearing bolt. 
The aim of the invention is to provide a disc brake that combines the advantages of the fixed-calliper principle with the advantages of the floating-calliper principle, is configured without a bracket and that does not have the disadvantages of the disc brakes in prior art. 
This is achieved as cited in claim 1, according to which the pad guide is configured as a cylindrical guide sleeve (22) that houses the bearing bolt 
A dentifrice composition is described for combating dental erosion and/or tooth wear comprising a fluoride ion source and a silica dental abrasive, the dentifrice having a Relative Dentine Abrasivity (RDA) value from 20 to 60 and a pH in the range 6.5 to 7.5 and being free of an orthophosphate buffer or a water soluble salt of a C<SUB>10-18</SUB> alkyl sulfate 
The invention relates to an abrasive means with abrasive-active fillers. 
The abrasive means is comprised, in general, of a support, abrasive grit and of a binder system. 
In order to improve the abrasive action and the serviceable life of the abrasive means, the binding agent system contains synthetic alkali metal fluoroaluminates, and/or alkaline earth metal fluoroaluminates, in particular, alkali metal tetrafluoroaluminate, preferably potassium tetrafluoroaluminate, together with at least one additional abrasive-active filler 
The invention relates to ether alcohol-based surfactants having a reduced surface tension and use thereof as a surfactant in aqueous coating formulations. 
Said ether-alcohol can be produced by reacting at least one hydroxy compound according to formula (I) with at least one epoxide according to formula (II) and/or at least one epoxide according to formula (V) in essentially equivalent amounts of hydroxy and epoxide groups 
In a cooling system for cooling a hard disk (2) or similar components which produce heat losses in an electronic appliance, for example a computer, using a heatpipe (11) which can be thermally connected to an area (5) which absorbs heat and can be connected over an area to the component (2) to be cooled, and at least one area (12) which emits heat projects away at the side beyond the functional element, the heatpipe is flat, is cuboid, or is in the form of a plate or board 
A system for optimizing translation lookaside buffer entries is provided. 
The system includes a translation lookaside buffer configured to store a number of entries, each entry having a size attribute, each entry referencing a corresponding page, and control logic configured to modify the size attribute of an existing entry in the translation lookaside buffer if a new page is contiguous with an existing page referenced by the existing entry. 
The existing entry after having had its size attribute modified references a consolidated page comprising the existing page and the new page 
A filtration tester (100, 200) has a scale (130, 230), a collector (125, 225) disposed on the scale (130, 230), a pump (105, 205) having an outlet aligned with an opening of the collector (125, 225), and a force sensor (120, 220) connected to the pump (105, 205) 
Methods of compensating for interference in communications in a satellite communications system are provided. 
At a first radioterminal, a measure of an error in communications received through a first service down-link from a satellite is generated. 
A communications waveform is identified which causes interference to communications through the first service down-link to the first radioterminal when it is transmitted to a second radioterminal at a frequency that is substantially the same as a frequency of the first service down-link. 
The measure of the error and a measure of the interfering communications waveform are processed to obtain at least one interference compensation value. 
The at least one interference compensation value is combined with a waveform that is to be transmitted to the first radioterminal to obtain an interference compensated waveform. 
The interference compensated waveform is transmitted to the first radioterminal through the first service down-link. 
Some embodiments comprise a method of decoding a video bitstream that include receiving a first layer of data and a second layer of data, combining the received first layer data and the received second layer data, and decoding the combined data. 
Also, a method of video encoding that includes selecting data for encoding in a first layer and a second layer so as to allow decoding of the data in a single combined layer, and encoding the selected data in the first layer and in the second layer by encoding a coefficient in the first layer and encoding a differential refinement to the first layer coefficient in the second layer. A reduction of the number of dequantization steps to one is achieved in order to support pipelined dequantization in the hardware core 
A preservation solution for organs waiting to be transplanted is disclosed; the method of using the solution in a transplantation procedure is also disclosed. 
The preservation solutions comprise a balanced isotonic aqueous solution comprising sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium and bicarbonate ions in a physiologically acceptable amount, together with an effective amount of a mutein of the C5a anaphylatoxin which is a C5a receptor antagonist wherein the amino acid residue naturally occurring at sequence position (69) is mutated 
A thermal transfer print head is disclosed. 
The print head includes a housing configured and dimensioned to be installable within the printer, a plurality of resistive heating elements positioned on an external surface of the housing and in thermal contact with a printable media, the resistive heating elements receive electrical energy from the printer and have adjustable thermal output, and a print head memory positioned within the housing and accessible by the thermal printer, the print head memory including a first and second memory regions, the first memory region configured to store a printing profile pertaining to operating parameters of the resistive heating elements and the second memory configured to store usage data pertaining to operation of the print head 
A helical scan tape recorder (30) comprises a rotatable scanner (84) and a transport system for transporting magnetic tape proximate the rotatable scanner in a manner so that information is recorded during a revolution of the scanner. 
A controller performs a pause routine (120) for pausing during a recording operation on tape. 
The pause routine, when executed, performs the steps of: determining a tape pause position reference value indicative of a pre-pause last recording position on the tape; recording an erase signal on the tape after the pre-pause last recording position; rewinding the tape; transporting the tape in a forward direction and obtaining a current tape position value; determining when the current tape position value reaches a predetermined value relative to the tape pause position reference value; and at beginning of a next revolution of the scanner, commencing recording of one or more post-pause stripes on the tape. 
In an example implementation, the predetermined value relative to the tape pause position reference value is a sum of the tape pause position reference value and an offset 
A cold room building is disclosed having a prefabricated insulated housing (30) including four walls, a roof and a floor, and a prefabricated platform (50) providing a generally horizontally extending support surface and having a pair of opposite sides, a plurality of first support brackets (56) disposed along one of said pair of opposite edges and extending downwardly from said surface, and a plurality of second support brackets (58) disposed along the other of said of opposite edges and extending downwardly from said surface. 
The prefabricated platform (50) further includes at least one air conditioner (80, 90) mounted atop the support surface of the prefabricated platform. 
The prefabricated platform may also include at least one refrigeration unit (42) mounted atop the support surface of the prefabricated platform 
An auxiliary braking system for supplementing an existing bicycle braking system is disclosed. 
The brake wire (36) of the auxiliary braking system is removably secured to an existing primary brake wire (16), so that the actuation of the auxiliary braking system causes the main brake wire to pull and activate the caliper brakes (18). 
The interconnection of the auxiliary brake wire (36) to the main brake wire (16) is achieved through a housing joiner (38) which secures the auxiliary brake wire to the top tube of the bicycle frame and a bullet clamp (54) which creates a secure connection between the main brake wire and the auxiliary brake wire 
The invention relates to mechanical engineering, in particular to gears for transmitting a rotational motion and can be used for transport means, mechanical and electromechanical devices requiring a continuous speed variation. 
The inventive variable sped gear comprises a conical drive shaft, a driven shaft provided with an intermediate roller which is mounted in such a way that it is axially displaceable and a reverse shaft provided with a friction element which is freely arranged thereon, wherein said drive shaft is embodied in the form of a truncated cone. 
Said invention makes it possible to simplify the structural design of a simple multipurpose variable-speed fear 
A method and a system are provided for detecting a code sequence in an ultra-wideband system. 
An on-off keying (OOK) detector is used for detecting a code sequence. 
A soft despreader is used for despreading the energy of the code sequence to provide a plurality of multipath energies. 
A RAKE combiner combines the plurality of multipath energies obtained from the soft despreader. 
The soft despreader and the RAKE combiner enable operation of an OOK receiver without using a timing recovery process block 
A microfluidic sensor is disclosed that has a first inlet channel for a first fluid, a second inlet channel for a second fluid, and a measurement channel intersecting with both first inlet channel and the second inlet channel. 
A signal source system is provided for receiving a signal from a signal emitter, as is a signal detection system for receiving the signal from the signal source system. 
The signal source system and the signal detection system are for recording physical characteristics of at least one of the droplets in the measurement channel. 
A corresponding method is also disclosed 
Glycolipids of branched chain alkyl oligosaccharides according to this patent comprise of a primary alcohol branched in the 2-position and an oligosaccharide, covalently bond to the alcohol in either a- or ß-linkage (shown in Formula I and Formula II). 
These compounds show particularly interesting phase behavior not found for the corresponding straight chain counterparts. 
The properties involve an ambient temperature liquid crystalline appearance and thermotropic liquid crystal phase polymorphism. 
Upon the latter, the formation of cubic phases is considered most interesting with respect to life science applications, e.g. liposome for drug delivery. 
Depending on the choice of sugar head group and alkyl tail, various levels of water miscibility may be adjusted to meet applications requirements (complete solubility for emulsifier applications, e.g. cosmetic creams, to limited water swelling only, e.g. for the preparation of artificial membranes). 
The closed structural relationship to natural lipids also make branched chain alkyl oligosaccharides valuable subjects for biochemical investigations, e.g. membrane studies. 
The range of possible applications for glycolipids of branched chain alkyl oligosaccharides involve material science liquid crystal applications, e.g. optical switches, as well as surfactants and the life science applications (see above) 
A fastening mechanism for connecting posts or other objects together is described. 
The mechanism consists of a housing (101), a first and second cam (110, 111) oppositely mounted in the housing (101), the first cam (110) and second cams (111) having opposed threads. 
A threaded stud (105) having clockwise (121) and counter clockwise (122) portions connects the first cam (110) and second cams (111) allowing the cams to be drawn together in use 
A device for treating aqueous liquids is disclosed comprising at least 2 treatment units connected in series, each treatment unit comprising a liquid inlet, a liquid outlet, a flow compartment fluidly connecting said liquid inlet to said liquid outlet, and cavitation inducing means for inducing cavitation in an aqueous liquid to be treated, said means comprising constriction means provided at the liquid inlet and/or the liquid outlet for increasing the velocity of the aqueous liquid, thereby reducing liquid pressure 
A device for transmitting, enclosing and analysing a fluid sample and a method of using the same. 
The device comprises at least one sample transmission channel (1), at least one multi-functional channel (3), and at least one reactor module (11). 
The reactor module (11), which is fluidly connects the at least one sample transmission channel (1)to the at least one multi-functional channel (3), comprises at least one reaction chamber (15), which is in fluid communication with the at least one sample transmission channel (1), and at least one fluid isolation chamber (23). 
The fluid isolation chamber (23) is in fluid communication with at least one outlet (18/20) of the at least one reaction chamber (15), and regulates the flow of fluid sample between said at least one outlet (18/20) and the at least one multi-functional channel (3). 
In use, a sealing medium is introduced into the multi-functional channel (3) before an analyte detection reaction is carried out in the reaction chamber (15) 
For communication with a base station on an IP network, radio terminals (10-1 to 10-6) have a function for encapsulating and releasing encapsulation of a packet for preparatory authentication defined in the IEEE 802.11i at a RADIUS client unit (110) by an authentication packet communicable on the IP network. 
For communication with the radio terminals on the IP network, the base station (30) has a function for encapsulating and releasing encapsulation of a packet for preparatory authentication defined in the IEEE 802.11i at a RADIUS server (320) by an authentication packet communicable on the IP network. 
Thus, it is possible to provide an authentication method in a radio communication system enabling a preparatory authentication between a radio terminal and a base station even between different IP sub-networks. 
There are also disclosed a radio terminal device and a radio base station using this authentication method, a radio communication system using them, and a program 
An inexpensive low-loss planar antenna module having stabilized frequency characteristics in which variation in characteristics due to assembling error is suppressed. 
A planar antenna module comprising an antenna section (101), a feeder line section (102) and a connecting conductor (18) wherein the antenna section consists of a first ground conductor (11) having a first slot (21), a second ground conductor (12) having a dielectric, an antenna substrate (40) having a radiation element, a third ground conductor (13) having a dielectric, and a fourth ground conductor (14), the feeder line section consists of the fourth ground conductor (14), a fifth ground conductor (15), a feeder substrate (50), a sixth ground conductor (16), and a seventh ground conductor (17), and the connecting conductor (18) consists of a second waveguide opening (64). 
They are laid in layers in the order of the connecting conductor (18) with a high frequency circuit, the seventh ground conductor (17), the sixth ground conductor (16), the feeder substrate (50), the fifth ground conductor (15), the fourth ground conductor (14), the third ground conductor (13), the antenna substrate (40), the second ground conductor (12), and the first ground conductor (11) 
An online targeted advertising system comprises a first interface operable to enable a TV program distributor to access an online targeted advertising exchange and identify ad avails as commodities, a second interface operable to enable a TV-viewing household to access the online targeted advertising exchange and carry out transactions related to the identified ad avails, and a third interface operable to enable an advertiser to access the online targeted advertising exchange and carry out transactions related to the identified ad avails 
A method for enhancing plant growth, said method comprising applying to a plant or to the environment thereof, an agricultural composition comprising (i) one or more essential oils, or active components thereof, or mixtures of these, (ii) a plant oil and (iii) an emulsifier. 
Such compositions enhance plant growth, in particular by enhancing nutrient uptake from the soil or the environment. 
Compositions for use in the method are also described and claimed 
Method using a parasiticidal powder typically comprising from 1 to 15 % by weight of silica and from 85 to 99 % of alkali metal bicarbonate 
Fuel reservoir having a bottom (5) and a valve integrally molded with said bottom and comprising : - a disk or flap (1) having a hole (2) in it; - at least one post (3) that fits through the hole (2) in the disk and which is integrally molded with the reservoir's bottom (5); and - at least one hole (4) through the reservoir's bottom (5) which is positioned close to the post (3) and in a way such that the disk (1) covers it when positioned in its relief position 
The invention relates to a method and device for transmitting at least two information correlation numbers representing at least two data combinations listened by at least one service and at least one information item relevant to listened data items of a terminal user by means of a communications network unit (CSCF) to an authority (LEMF) bugging unit, wherein said information correlation numbers are contained in at least one IRI information message. 
According to said invention, the IRI information message is extended in such a way that at least two information correlation numbers representing the two data combinations can be integrated therein 
An apparatus (10) for supporting a rotating shaft comprising: a housing (12) surrounding the shaft; interposed between the housing (12) and the shaft a plurality of tilting pads (14) which extend in contiguous manner circumferentially around the shaft, each tilting pad (14) being able to rock in the rotation of the shaft; and interposed between each pair of adjacent tilting pads (14) retaining means (20) for preventing circumferential movement of the pads (14) around the housing (12) due to rotation of the shaft, wherein the physical relationship between at least one tilting pad (14) and its adjacent retaining means (20) is such that said rocking of the pad (14) takes place without circumferential slippage of the pad (14) around the housing (12) 
A method for classifying audio data (AD) is provided. 
For a given piece of audio data (AD) a location or position (LAD) for said given audio data (AD) within a mood space (M) is generated and compared to a comparison mood space location (CL). 
As a result of the comparison comparison data (CD) are generated and provided as a classification result with respect to said given audio data (AD). 
A water based polymeric dispersion for PSA adhesive preparation for transdermal system comprising: a) an aqueous dispersion of a polymer of an acrylate and/or a methacrylate ester, b) a plasticizer c) a shrinkage reducing agent able to reduce the shrinkage of the water PSA dispersion when spread onto a surface to width values lower than 20 mm after 3 minutes rest 
The present invention relates to a rod antenna comprising a two-dimensional patch (2) for radiating and/or receiving an electromagnetic wave, said patch (2) extending along a plane defined by two coordinate axes being orthogonal to each other, a feeding line (3) coupled to the patch (2) for transferring signal energy to and/or from the patch (2), a dielectric rod (5) for radiating and/or receiving said electromagnetic wave, said rod (5) extending longitudinally from the patch (2) in direction of a third coordinate axis being outside of the plane defined by the first two coordinate axes and a metal holder (4) coupled to the patch (2) and to the rod (5) for transferring said electromagnetic wave between the patch (2) and the rod (5). 
The present invention further relates to a method for operating a rod antenna 
A supercontinuum light emitting device comprises an effectively Continuous Wave light source producing light of a given wavelength within a specified bandwidth and a nonlinear fiber optically coupled to the light source. 
The nonlinear fiber has a plurality of fiber segments with different zero dispersion wavelengths, where each successive fiber segment has a zero dispersion wavelength which is larger than the zero dispersion wavelength of the preceding fiber, and the zero dispersion wavelength of the first fiber segment is within plus or minus 20 nanometers of the given wavelength 
Disclosed is a curable resin composition which enables to obtain a cured product having excellent heat resistance and toughness. 
Specifically disclosed is a curable resin composition containing a dicyclopentadiene-type epoxy resin (A), an epoxy resin (B) which is in a liquid state at room temperature, a diaminodiphenylsulfone (C), and a thermoplastic resin (D) which is soluble in an epoxy resin 
A heat exchanger which uses, in the evaporator thereof, a fin made of aluminum having a coating film formed on the surface thereof, wherein the coating film comprises an aluminum capturing agent. 
A heat exchanger is manufactured by using the above fin and a refrigeration cycle apparatus equipped with the above heat exchanger is manufactured 
A mobile network packet relay device (107) comprises an SGSN communication management unit (405) for receiving a request for the connection of a mover with a mobile communication network, a 3G authentication information receiving unit (403) for receiving a request for the connection of the mover with a WLAN, and a GGSN connection setting unit (404) for setting a common remote IP address for identifying the mover in the mobile communication network and the WLAN when the connection request is received at the SGSN communication management unit (405) and the WLAN. 
Thus, an interworking system between the mobile communication network and the WLAN can shorten the authentication processing and the connection processing till a packet communication is started from the WLAN, and can shorten the time period needed for a switching processing at a handover time 
This invention provides a cyclic olefin resin composition, which is suitable as a material for a substrate having low permittivity, low permittivity tangent, low water absorption, and excellent heat resistance or other properties, and a substrate provided from the resin composition. 
In particular, there is provided a novel cyclic olefin resin composition that is suitable for use as a material for a substrate for a high frequency circuit corresponding to high frequency signal transmission. 
The cyclic olefin resin composition comprises (A) 5 to 95 parts by weight of a cyclic olefin polymer having a glass transition temperature of 60 to 200ºC and (B) 5 to 95 parts by weight of a soft copolymer, prepared by polymerizing at least two monomers selected from the group consisting of olefin compounds, diene compounds, and aromatic vinyl hydrocarbon compounds, and having a glass transition temperature of 0ºC or below. The cyclic olefin resin composition further comprises, based on 100 parts by weight of the components (A) and (B), (D) 0.01 to 5 parts by weight of a radical initiator and (E) 0 to 5 parts by weight of a polyfunctional compound having in its molecule two or more radically polymerizable functional groups 
An electrochemical energy storage device that even when a quaternary ammonium salt is dissolved in the nonaqueous electrolyte, realizes stable lithium ion occlusion in/release from a negative electrode material of graphite structure and permits setting of high charging voltage and that even when charge and discharge cycle is repeated, is relieved in capacity deterioration can be produced by the use of a nonaqueous electrolyte comprising a lithium salt (a), a quaternary ammonium salt (b) containing a quaternary ammonium cation having three or more methyls and a nonaqueous solvent (c) 
Operation policy storage means (115) stores an operation policy applied in an information system (103). 
Operation policy execution means (113) applies the operation policy. 
Information system classification means (114) judges a similar information system (103) from the application and the service level. 
When the operation policy is inputted from a console (118), verification is performed by using the information system (103) which has been judged as a similar information system by the information system classification means (114) and validity of the operation policy is checked 
A device for removing the condensate from surfaces in-cludes a first half-part (2) which can be slidably po-sitioned on a first face (3a) of a surface (3) and a second half-part (4) which can be slideably positioned on a second face (3b), opposite to the first one (3a), of the surface (3). 
The first (2) and second (4) half--parts are magnetically attracted each other 
The toothbrush includes a handle portion which has a disc spring assembly driven by a solenoid coil. 
The upper end of a central shaft which extends from the solenoid is connected to a drive flexible membrane assembly which in operation moves back and forth under the positive action of the solenoid central shaft and the return action of the spring on the central shaft. 
The drive membrane acts on hydraulic fluid which extends through a stem portion of the toothbrush to the brushhead, which includes a movable brushhead membrane. 
The moving fluid acts on the brushhead membrane to move it 
The invention relates to a reactor for a biological or chemical reaction. 
The reactor comprises at least one reactor module comprising an internal cavity, which cavity is at least partly defined by an inner wall of a substantially hollow fluid conduit, which conduit comprises at least one aperture extending through a side wall and/or an outer wall thereof to allow fluid to flow into the conduit, the conduit comprising at least one further aperture extending through the inner wall thereof so that, in use, fluid flows between the hollow conduit and the internal cavity 
The invention relates to a device in the form of a tube (6) comprising two cuffs, which can be used in the medical field in order to control the airways and, in this way, to enable ventilatory support and which is known as a laryngeal catheter or a glottic mask. 
In particular, the inventive device can be used to overcome the disadvantages of the laryngeal mask associated with leaks and the movement thereof. 
The invention consists of a tube (6) which resembles an intubation catheter comprising a proximal hole and a distal hole and two cuffs, namely a first 20 ml air cuff (4) which is positioned approximately 1 cm from the distal end (2) and a second 100 ml air cuff (5) which is positioned approximately 1 cm behind the first cuff. 
The distal end (2) is positioned beneath the laryngoscope directly behind the vocal cords (3), giving rise to the name laryngeal catheter (1). 
The first cuff is then positioned directly in front of the vocal cords (4) and inflated with 20 ml of air. 
Subsequently, the second cuff (5) is inflated with approximately 100 ml of air, such that it is housed and fixed in the oropharynx. 
In this way, the first cuff (4) is maintained under pressure on the glottis in order to guarantee the tightness thereof, thereby giving rise to the name glottic mask 
The invention relates to a method for forming a transmitter-side transmission signal for compensating disturbances caused by e transmission properties of an optical transmission system. 
A high-bit rate binary signal is serially introduced into an N-level shift register. 
A bit pattern whose bit number depends on the transmission system disturbance influence is removed simultaneously from the shift register and is introduced into comparators which are connected to comparative value registers. 
Said comparative value registers contain comparative values received from a transmission function and from various binary bit patterns. 
In the comparators, the binary bit pattern introduced according to the comparative values specific for the transmission is converted into a new binary combination which is introduced into a digital-analog transducer, which transmits a compensation signal, corresponding to a discrete value for the amplitude or phase of the transmission signal corresponding a desired signal form, to a modulator. 
Said method is characterised by a speed thereof, in particular, for the bit pattern whose bit number is equal or greater than 10, a code conversion is carried out a bit data rates transmitted while the comparative value registers of the comparators subsist with substantially slow storage elements 
This invention relates to a method and a system for generating a discriminatory signal for a neurological condition, where at least one probe compound that has a neurophysiologic effect is provided. 
Biosignal data are obtained from a subject based on biosignal measurements obtained from biosignal measuring device adapted for placement on a subject, wherein said biosignal data are obtained posterior to the administering of said probe compound to the subject. 
Analogous biosignal reference data are provided for reference subjects in at least one reference group posterior to the administering of the probe compound, wherein the reference data are utilized for defining reference features having common characteristics between the reference subjects in the at least one reference group, wherein the reference data are processed for defining reference posterior probability vectors for each respective reference subject, wherein each respective posterior probability vector comprises particular feature or a feature combination elements with probability values associated to said elements, the posterior probability vectors resulting in a distribution of said features or feature combinations for said reference subjects. 
Subsequently,the biosignal data obtained from the subject are used for calculating analogues posterior probability vector for said subject. 
The discriminatory signal is then generated based on comparison between said posterior probability vector for said subject and the distribution of said features or feature combinations 
The present invention relates to cereal products comprising cereals and a 1,6-GPS- and 1,1-GPM-containing mixture, methods for production thereof and also to the use of a 1,6-GPS- and 1,1-GPM-containing mixture for producing cereal products 
The present invention discloses an electric circuit (1) and method for monitoring a temperature of a light emitting diode (2). 
The inventive electric circuit (1) for monitoring a temperature of a light emitting diode (2) in a constant-current mode comprises a driver circuit (3) for supplying a predefined constant-current to the light emitting diode (2) to run the light emitting diode (2) in said constant-current mode, a storage (4) for storing a general dependency between a forward voltage of the light emitting diode (2) in said constant-current mode and the temperature of the light emitting diode (2), a voltage sensor (5) for measuring the actual forward voltage of the light emitting diode (2) in said constant-current mode and a calculator (6) for calculating the actual temperature of the light emitting diode (2) by using the detected general dependency and the measured actual forward voltage 
An multimedia device integration system is provided. 
One or more after- market audio or video devices, such as a CD player, CD changer, digital media device {e.g., MP3 player, MP4 player, WMV player, Apple iPod, portable music center, or other device) satellite receiver {e.g., XM or Sirius receiver), DAB receiver, video device {e.g., DVD player), cellular telephone, or any other device or combinations thereof, is integrated for use with an existing OEM or after-market car stereo or video system, wherein control commands can be issued at the car stereo or video system and data from the after-market device can be displayed on the car stereo or video system. 
Control commands generated at the car stereo or video system are received, processed, converted into a format recognizable by the after-market device, and dispatched to the after-market device for execution. 
Information from the after-market device is converted into a format recognizable by the car stereo or video system, and dispatched to the car stereo or video system for display thereon. 
One or more auxiliary input sources can be integrated with the car stereo or video system, and selected using the controls of the car stereo or video system. 
A docking station is provided for docking a portable audio or video device for integration with the car stereo or video system 
This invention is directed to novel compounds that are useful in the viral infections in mammals, mediated at least in part by a vims in the Flaviviridae family of viruses. 
In one of its composition aspects, the present invention is directed to compounds of Formula (I) 
The present invention includes compositions and methods for the controlled release of active agents in a shelf-stable liquid formulation by blending one or more controlled release microbeads comprising one or more active agents, preparing a dense, thixotropic solution having a density that is at, or about, the density of the one or more microbeads comprising a thixotropic agent, water and one or more preservatives under conditions that reduce bubble formation and mixing the microbeads and the thixotropic solutions in a mixer that lacks scraping paddles 
A method is provided for dissipating power in a propelled machine having an electric drive system and a mechanical brake system. 
An inclination of the machine is determined (110a). 
A speed of the machine is determined (135). 
A retarding requirement is determined (155) based on the determined inclination and speed. 
A first portion of the retarding requirement is allocated to be met by the electric drive system, the first portion being less than or equal to a retarding capacity of the electric drive system (170). 
A second portion of the retarding requirement is allocated to be met by the mechanical brake system (175) if the retarding requirement is greater than the retarding capacity of the electric drive system (160) 
There are included input wirings (3,4) for inputting differential signals outputted from an object (2) to be tested; a higher threshold side divided-voltage generating part (5) for receiving the differential signals from the input wirings (3,4) and generating and outputting first and second divided voltages based on both a predetermined higher threshold potential (V<SUB>OH</SUB>) and the potentials of the received differential signals; and a higher threshold side potential comparator (6) for deriving a magnitude relationship between the first and second divided voltages outputted from the higher threshold side divided-voltage generating part (5). 
The higher threshold side divided-voltage generating part (5) includes a first divided-voltage generating part (16) and a second divided-voltage generating part (17), which generate the first and second divided voltages, respectively, such that the magnitude relationship between the first and second divided voltages in the higher threshold side potential comparator (6) corresponds to a magnitude relationship between a higher threshold potential and a potential difference between plus and minus signals 
A portable telephone (100) with a camera gives a warning to capture an image in a lateral position when a specific imaging mode is selected. A television (400) capable of simultaneously displaying images according to the signals from two different signal sources sets its display mode to a two-screen display mode and displays the image according to the input signal inputted into an external signal input section on one of the two screens 
A transmission control apparatus capable of controlling the transmission of actual data from the beginning of the data transmission. 
Attribute information indicative of the attribute of data to be transmitted is notified by a transmission request source, which requests the transmission of the data, to a transmission request destination prior to the transmission of the data. 
A transmission control method (policy) for transmitting the data is established by use of a transmission quality that is required for the transmission of the data, which corresponds to the notified attribute information, in accordance with this attribute information. 
Then, the transmission of the data corresponding to the attribute information is controlled in accordance with the established transmission control method 
The present invention relates to the field of cancer therapy. More specifically, the invention relates to use of small interfering RNAs targeting the SPAG9 (CAA62987) gene for the treatment of cancer 
A method and device for joining two or more yarns to each other, at least one of which being of multifilament type, and at least one of which is fed in a textile machine. 
To carry out this joining without stopping the manufacturing process, the feeding is determined in advance for the initially stationary yarn/s, they are temporary interlaced with the moving yarn/s and the tails thereof are cut upstream and dounstream of said interlacing 
A method for detecting partial discharge events comprising analysing an output from the cable using one or more substantially shift invariant wavelet transforms, and using the analysed signal to identify one or more peaks associated with a partial discharge. 
Preferably, the shift invariant transform is a stationary wavelet transform (SWT) 
Disclosed is a method for eliminating methacrylic acid from a liquid phase (P) containing acrylic acid as a main component and target product and methacrylic acid as a secondary component. 
According to said method, the methacrylic acid is eliminated using crystallization, the acrylic acid accumulating in the formed crystallized product and the methacrylic acid accumulating in the remaining mother liquor 
The present invention relates to isolated promoter DNA sequences, to DNA constructs, vectors, and host cells comprising these promoters in operative association with coding sequences. 
The present invention also relates to methods for expressing a gene and/or producing a biological compound using the new promoters isolated. The present invention also relates to methods for altering the transcription level and/or regulation of an endogenous gene using the new promoter of the invention 
The invention relates to a hybrid drive, particularly for a motor vehicle, which contains at least one first electric motor (16) and a differential drive (13) that are coaxially arranged. 
An internal combustion engine (10) is connected to the differential drive (13) via a first drive shaft (11), and the first electric motor (16) is connected to the differential drive (13) via a second drive shaft (18). 
The first rotor (15) of the at least one first electric motor (16) is connected to the first drive shaft (11) in a rotationally fixed manner. 
One design provides that the at least one first electric motor (16) is placed in a recess (14) of the drive shaft (11) that optionally has an enlargement. 
The inventive hybrid drive makes a compact design possible that has few components and enables a high level of efficiency to be achieved 
The invention relates to a tool revolver (10, 11) with: a rotationally mounted tool carrier (6) that can be pivoted into the respective working position for a tool by means of a pivot drive; fixed tools (14), and; at least one rotationally drivable tool (15, 16). 
Particular advantageous result due to the fact that the rotationally drivable tool (15, 16) is mounted on the front face of the tool carrier (6). 
The invention also relates to a machine tool (1) equipped with a tool revolver (10, 11) of the aforementioned type 
A plate that uses optical phenomena in passing of light, so as reflection, decomposition, semi-transparency through the decorated element, diffusion, etc. that are given by specific arrangement of the decor elements. 
One of the plate sides is provided with coloured decor with pattern for example lines, providing of the optical effect of light passing through slits. 
The other side of the plate is provided with a decor of pattern formed by a similar system of elements, which elements are formed by chemical erosion of the glass surface or by abrasive erosion of the glass surface and which elements are arranged so that they optically cooperate with the first plate side and colour according to this side. 
Thereby, the same visual perception is obtained both on the front side and on the underside. 
At the same time, this underside of the plate is able to be in contact with rollers of the heat providing equipment without any damage also at temperatures above 600°C 
The present invention is directed to novel pyridine derivatives, pharmaceutical compositions containing them and their use in the treatment of disorders related to ion channels such as potassium channels 
A transdermal electrotransport drug delivery system having reduced potential for abuse. 
The system uses ion barrier, preferentially ion exchange material to separate the drug from an antagonist and provides for the release of the antagonist with the agonist when the system is subject to abuse 
Certain block copolymers may be suitable as compatibilizers in multiple component polymeric blends and composites. 
The utilization of at least one block copolymer in polymeric blends augments physical properties in the polymeric blend composite. 
The addition of block copolymers to polymeric blends may enhance certain mechanical properties of the composite, such as tensile strength, impact resistance, modulus, and heat stability, over the initial levels achieved by polymeric blends without incorporating block copolymers. 
An artificial intervertebral disc assembly (10) including upper and lower end plates (12,14) , an expandable bladder (18) carried by the end plates and circumscribing a containment area therebetween. 
A biocompatible fluid (31) is disposed within the containment area. 
A cylinder (30) having a plurality of apertures (32) therein projects from the lower plate into the containment area. 
A piston (16) having a curvilinear upper surface (16' ) is reciprocally moveable within the cylinder and projects from the open end thereof . 
A cylindrical projection (24) depending from the upper plate bears against and mates with the upper surface of the piston (24' ) so as to allow relative rotational movement of the end plates into and out of parallel alignment . 
By varying the size of the apertures in the cylinder and the elasticity of the bladder, the amount of axial load necessary to effect inward movement of the end plates can be varied 
A transmitter for transmitting power to a receiver to power a load, where the receiver does not have a DC-DC converter. 
The transmitter comprises a pulse generator for producing pulses of power. 
The transmitter comprises an antenna in communication with the pulse generator through which the pulses are transmitted from the transmitter. 
A system for power transmission which transmits only pulses of power without any data. A method for transmitting power to a receiver to power a load. An apparatus for transmitting power to a receiver to power a load comprises a plurality of transmitters, each of which produce pulses of power which are received by the receiver to power the load. A system for power transmission which receives pulses of power transmitted by the power transmitter to power a load but does not use the pulses as a clock signal 
The present invention is directed to benzazole compounds which are potentiators of metabotropic glutamate receptors, including the mGluR2 receptor, and which are useful in the treatment or prevention of neurological and psychiatric disorders associated with glutamate dysfunction and diseases in which metabotropic glutamate receptors are involved. 
The invention is also directed to pharmaceutical compositions comprising these compounds and the use of these compounds and compositions in the prevention or treatment of such diseases in which metabotropic glutamate receptors are involved 
A safety mechanism to prevent unintended ejection of a staple or fastener in a stapler or fastening tool. 
A low-start version of the stapler has a handle that when pressed pivots a lever which lifts a striker and energizes a power spring. 
At the release point, the striker is released and accelerated under spring bias into a staple, ejecting the staple by impact blow. 
A high-start version has the striker stationary in the upper position as the power spring is energized. 
In the safety mechanism, a movable hook or arm selectively prevents the striker, and linked components thereto, from completing an operational cycle. 
In one embodiment the safety mechanism includes a working surface sensing button bar operating in conjunction with the hook that latches the striker. 
The safety mechanism can also be a pivoting lock bar that engages the working surface, which surface pivots the lock bar into engaging the power spring, handle, and/or striker thereby preventing such components from reaching the release point 
A tube heating assembly having a heating tube with proximate and distal end portions, a manifold insert disposed concentrically within the heating tube and likewise having proximate and distal end portions/ and a pair of end caps removably secured to the proximate and distal end portions of the manifold insert and the heating tube respectively. 
The manifold insert includes a raised spiral thread on its surface. 
An electrical assembly such as a resistive path applied to the outer surface of the heating tube is used to heat the tube. 
The tube heating assembly may be embodied in a system and method for delivering an automotive fluid in a vehicle, wherein the tube heating assembly is installed as a heat exchanger in a fluid delivery path through which the fluid is pumped, preferably in pulses to enhance heating of the fluid 
The container includes a base and a detachable cover. 
To releasably attach the base and cover, the base includes a first closure portion and the cover includes an engagable second closure portion, hi one aspect, the first and second closure portions are configured for engagement in both a fully engaged position and an intermediately engaged position, hi the intermediately engaged position, the container can be further configured to vent steam during, for example, microwaving. 
In another aspect, the container including the first and second closure portions can be configured for simplified engagement of the base and cover, preferably by enabling engagement via a downward push applied to the center of the cover, hi yet another aspect, the first and second closure portions can be configured with diverging flanges that simplify detachment of the base and cover 
Composite coated metal and/or polymer substrates are provided having a powder basecoat thereon formed from at least one film-forming material comprising a thermosettable polyester and a curing agent; at least one reaction product of at least one cyclic carboxylic acid anhydride, at least one alkene and at least one reactant selected from the group consisting of primary amines, aliphatic polyamines, primary amino alcohols, alcohols, isocyanates and mixtures thereof, the copolymer having a number average molecular weight ranging from about 1,000 to about 20,000; and at least one flow control agent; and a topcoat deposited from a liquid or powder slurry topcoating composition applied over the basecoat to form a composite coating providing good adhesion and chip and cratering resistance 
A motor control system for a two-phase brushless DC motor (11; 111) uses measured EMF voltage (17; 117) from the passive set of stator coils (113, 114) to control commutation (19; 119) . 
A microcontroller (101) receives the EMF voltage measurement (16; 103) and compares it to a threshold voltage value, which may be speed-dependent for advance commutation at high motor speeds. 
A match of the EMF voltage measurement with the threshold value triggers commutation of the drive to the opposite set of stator coils. 
The microcontroller also has an up-down counter timer (105) whose count value is compared to an external speed reference (13; 109) . 
Each match of the count value triggers a transition in a pulse-width modulated (PWM) drive signal. 
The duty cycle of the PWM signal establishes an average drive voltage that controls motor speed 
Cutting device for cutting a top part (16) off a preform (15) for a plastic container (15a) which is intended to be filled with a medium, in particular a foodstuff, in which an encircling cutting groove (17) which demarcates the top part (16) with respect to the container (15a), is present in a circumferential wall part of the preform (15), a cutting member (8) for cutting the top part (16) off the preform (15) along the cutting groove (17), with positioning means (2) for positioning the cutting groove (17) of the preform (15) with respect to the cutting member (8) and with drive means (27) for displacing the cutting member (8) about a centre axis of the circumferential wall part of the preform (15). 
In this cutting device, the positioning means (2) are designed to engage in the cutting groove (17), the positioning means (2) being provided at substantially the same height as the cutting member (8) 
The present invention relates to a method of controlling a display apparatus having a user input part to manipulate a user control menu including at least one control item. 
The method involves displaying the user control menu in a halftone when a user control function is selected via the user input part, and increasing a display tone of the control item by a predetermined level, which is pointed to on the user control menu via the user input part. 
Thus, the present invention provides a display apparatus and a control method thereof, in which a user can clearly recognize what selection is performed in a halftone user control menu 
A multi-functinal child care storage for storing and treating infant care products includes a plurality of functional compartments provided in a main body and having individual spaces divided by a partition member. 
The functional compartments includes a refrigerating compartment (120) for storing the infant care products at a reduced temperature, a refrigerating and heating compartment (130) for storing, cooling and heating the infant care products, a warming-in-water compartment (180) for warming up the infant care products and a sterilizing compartment (140) for sterilizing the sterlizining and drying. 
A control unit (160) controls the functional compartments so that each of the functional compartments is maintained at a predetermined temperature 
In a communication system employing a modulation processing for performing differential encoding, a bit error of communication data generated in a communication route is corrected by an error correction code capable of correcting the same number of error bits as the number of error bits. 
A base station device generates processed communication data as a processed portion subjected to the differential encoding and error correction encoding in this order by a predetermined generation process for the portion to be processed which is at least a part of the communication data as the communication object. 
The base station device transmits the generated processed communication data. 
A mobile station device receives the processed communication data which has been transmitted, acquires error-corrected decoded data obtained by error-correcting and decoding the processed portion among the processed communication data received, and subjects the error-corrected decoded data to the differential decoding 
It is possible to improve user-friendliness of a data carrier system. 
A mobile telephone (30) includes an RFID communication unit (36) for reading, in a non-contact way, an identifier of an RFID from the RFID in the vicinity. 
The mobile telephone (30) further includes a user correlation unit (311) for counting the number of times of read for the identifier which has been read, selecting at least one carrier identifier from the identifiers which have been read, and correlating it with the user 
A reader is characterized in that a RFID reader (30) is provided with an identifying information acquiring section (310) carried by a user for reading identifying information for identifying a RFID in vicinity in a noncontact manner from the RFID in vicinity so that an attribute of each data carrier is decided without manual operation; a reader location acquiring section (315) for acquiring reader location information indicating a location of the RFID reader (30) when the identifying information is read; a RFID location deciding section (316) for deciding representative location information indicating the location of the RFID based on the acquired reader location information; and a storage section (32) for relating the decided representative location information with the read identifying information and storing them 
A compound represented by the general formula (I): (I) (wherein the symbols are the same as defined in the description), a salt thereof, an N-oxide form or solvate of either, or a prodrug of any of these. 
The compound represented by the general formula (I) has CXCR4 antagonistic activity. 
It is hence useful as, e.g., a preventive and/or therapeutic agent for CXCR4-mediated diseases such as inflammatory/immunologic diseases (e.g., articular rheumatism, arthritis, retinopathy, pulmonary fibrosis, and rejection reactions of transplanted organs), allergic diseases, infectious diseases (e.g., human immunodeficiency virus infection and acquired immunologic deficiency syndrome), psychoneurotic diseases, cerebral diseases, cardiac/vascular diseases, metabolic diseases, cancer diseases (e.g., cancer and cancer metastasis) or as a drug for regenerative medical 
Provided is a data regeneration device, which is enabled to realize regeneration of no interruption at an effective/ineffective switching position of a band extending function, even in case the effectiveness/ineffectiveness of the band extending function is switched in a stream. 
The data regeneration device (2000) comprises an input frequency acquisition unit (2001) for analyzing header information (Hdr) to acquire an input frequency (FSin) or the frequency of basic data, an output frequency determination unit (2002) for performing a predetermined processing on the basis of the input frequency (FSin) to determine an output frequency (FSout) or the sampling frequency of a decoding frame (Fdata), and a decoding unit (2003) for decoding sample data with the input frequency (FSin), if an SBR function is effective in a frame to be decoded, to expand the band of the sampling frequency to the output frequency (FSout) by an SBR processing for the decoded result, thereby to sampling up, if the SBR function is ineffective, the decoded result in the input frequency (FSin) to the output frequency (FSout) 
[PROBLEMS] A glass guide structure for a vehicle, where an inexpensive material such as a product that is formed by rolling can be used as a glass guide member and, in addition, required functions can be excellently maintained. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] A glass guide structure (3) is constructed from a glass guide member (10), a core material bracket (21), and a guide upper end seal member (13). 
The glass guide member (10) is placed between two door glass sheets (for example, butterfly window (5) and movable door glass (6)) parallelly supported by a vehicle door (side door (2), for example) and guiding at least one of the door glass sheets to be lifted and lowered. 
The core material bracket (21) constructed from a separate member from the glass guide member (10) and attached to the upper end of the glass guide member (10) to extend upward the overall length of the glass guide member (10). 
The guide upper end seal member (13) is installed so as to cover the outer face of the core material bracket (21) and waterproofs the upper ends of the two door glass sheets 
Motor (80) comprises a stator (70) having a stator core (11) and a stator winding (12) wound on the stator core (11) and integrally molded with insulation resin (13), a rotor (14) provided with a shaft (16), a first bearing (151) and a second bearing (152) for supporting the shaft (16), a bracket (17) connected to the stator (70) and retaining at least one of the first bearing (151) and the second bearing (152), and a conductive member (19) short-circuiting between the stator core (11) and the bracket (17) 
A system and method is provided, in an interactive television system for providing content related navigation icons of an interactive television application. 
More particularly, the content related navigation icons assume a visual characteristic that corresponds to content being displayed to end users of the television system. 
For example, the navigation icons may display on the display screen visual representations of soccer balls to represent certain navigation icons for an application or application page whose content is soccer related. 
As another example, the navigation icons may display on the display screen visual representations of musical notes to represent certain navigation icons for an application or application page whose content is music related. 
Each navigation icon corresponds to a button on a remote control of the end user 
A light source comprises a discharge lamp (LA), a bridge circuit for driving the discharge lamp and a reflector (RE). 
The bridge circuit comprises a capacitor (Cl) coupled between a lamp connection terminal (T3, T4) and an input terminal of the bridge circuit (Tl). 
EMI caused by the discharge lamp is suppressed by connecting a further capacitor (C2) between the lamp connection terminal and the reflector, so that a conductive path exists between the reflector and the bridge input terminal formed by both capacitors 
The invention concerns a roller skate and roller ski type device equipped with a braking system. 
It consists of two or more rollers (5, 6) fixed on a chassis (1) and aligned along the displacement direction. 
A pedal (2) articulated on the chassis and inclined by several degrees upwards supports the shoe (8). 
The movement of the pedal is limited by a vertical stop (13) and controlled by a prestressed spring (12). 
The backward rotation of the pedal controls a disc brake system (4) on the rear roller (6) 
A dispenser (1) for releasing a liquid treatment composition (33) into a toilet bowl and a fragrance into the surrounding room comprises a container (3) holding a non-perfumed liquid treatment composition (33) for treating flush water in the toilet bowl and a fragrance releasing gel block (39) for continuously fragrancing the surrounding air. 
The present invention relates to, inter alia, the use of 2-(2-Nitro-4- Trifluoromethylbenzoyl)-1,3-Cyclohexanedione (compound 2) in the treatment of a neurodegenerative disease, such as Parkinson's disease. 
The invention also relates to the use of the compound depicted as compound 2 or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, in the manufacture of a medicament for use in the treatment of a neurodegenerative disease such as Parkinson's disease 
A method is provided for the detection of analytes in samples. 
The method makes use of a plurality of sets of particulate supports, the supports of each set carrying a unique identifier allowing them to be distinguished from the supports of the other sets. 
Each set of supports is partitioned from the other sets of supports. 
The method comprises the steps of: (a) attaching a primary analyte to the supports of all the sets, (b) introducing respective samples to the sets of supports so that each sample is associated with a corresponding unique identifier, each sample potentially containing a secondary analyte which binds to the primary analyte, (c) combining the sets of supports to form a support mixture containing supports from all of the sets, (d) introducing a reporter system to the support mixture, the reporter system being responsive to the presence of secondary analyte bound to the supports via the primary analyte, and (e) interrogating the support mixture to determine the unique identifiers of supports which have an activated reporter system in order to identify which samples contain the secondary analyte 
Roll suitable for processing plastic films, the roll comprising a central layer (1) , an intermediate layer (2) made of synthetic material and an outer layer (3) . 
At least one duct (4) is formed in the intermediate layer (2) , substantially parallel to the axis of the roll for the circulation of a pressurized conditioning fluid, and the roll comprises means for letting the fluid in and out (5) allowing the duct to be connected to an external unit for conditioning the fluid in terms of temperature and pressure 
Multi-function watering sprinkler head comprising a fluid supply duct (2) and a plurality of fluid flow-paths adapted to be supplied by said supply duct (2) so as to deliver differentiated jet patterns, a selection mechanism (3) being provided to fluidly connect said supply duct (2) with said various fluid flow-paths in a selective manner; said selection mechanism (3) comprises a plurality of shut-off valve members (4) adapted to slide axially between a position in which the flow of fluid is completely shut off, and a position in which the fluid is capable of flowing fully and freely through valve seats (5), said valve seats (5) being provided so as to extend in a parallel direction relative to the supply duct and are arranged around said supply duct 
Tablets comprising strontium in the form of a strontium salt such as strontium malonate. 
The tablets are designed to contain a very high load of the strontium salt (75% w/w or more), which is especially advantageous due to the fact that strontium must be administered in relative high amounts for therapeutic use. 
Furthermore, the tablets provided by the present invention lead to an improved bioavailability and presents a therapeutic advantage 
A drill chuck with an impacting structure that may be selectively employed to drive the jaws of the chuck into further engagement with or out of engagement with a bit. 
The chuck is configured so as to be capable of generating relatively high torques in a loosening direction so as to ensure that the bit can be removed from the jaws of the chuck 
A seat recliner comprising an eccentric configured to support a first recliner component and a second recliner component in an eccentric relation is provided. 
The eccentric comprises a pair of eccentric segments. The eccentric segments are supported by an annular member that is rotatably supported relative to the first recliner component and the second recliner component. 
According to one exemplary embodiment, the eccentric segments rotate within the same plane. 
According to another exemplary embodiment, the eccentric segments rotate within offset parallel planes 
Radial expansion of a wellbore casing against a formation 
A medical appliance is provided that includes a self-expanding stent (10) ; a sheath (13) adapted to enclose the self -expanding stent in an interior space (18) during deployment; and an external body (11) comprising a bioactive agent attached to the self-expanding stent and adapted to lie outside the interior space of the sheath when the self-expanding stent is enclosed in the sheath. 
The medical appliance may be deployed in a lumen of a human body and the external body may release the bioactive agent 
The semiconductor package includes two electrical contacts and a semiconductor device coupled to opposing sides of a substrate. 
The substrate defines at least one via extending at least partially there through. 
The semiconductor device includes a semiconductor low-speed interface electrically coupled to one of the electrical contacts through the via, and a semiconductor high-speed interface electrically coupled to flexible tape. 
The flexible tape is also electrically coupled to the other one of the electrical contacts 
An orthosis having at least one adjustable joint for articulating two hinged parts of the orthosis, the joint comprises a tensor for carrying the load applied between the two hinged parts. 
Compression surfaces coupled to the hinged parts are constructed to apply compression forces to a compression element when the angle between the two parts widens. 
Preferably the compression element comprises a block of resilient material. 
The joint allows adjustability of the unloaded angle between the hinged parts by varying the dimensions of the block, while selecting blocks having different compressional characteristics such as modulus of elasticity allows varying the degree of resistance to widening the angle between the two hinged parts. 
The joint is particularly advantageous in constructing an articulating leg brace 
The present invention relates to the identification of prognostic markers useful in determining the response of hepatitis c virus (HCV) infected patients to interferon alpha (IFN-a) treatment. 
The studies provide biomarkers that can be used to discern sustained responders and non-responders of IFN-a treatment. 
This information should enable treating physicians to help patients to make more informed decisions 
An image processing device detects a contour width of a contour portion in an input image (31), generates a magnification control amount for specifying an interpolation magnification of an interpolation pixel correcting the contour portion of the input image for each pixel (33), acquires a change amount in one frame of the input image for each pixel (10), and calculates pixel data of the interpolation pixel by the interpolation calculation by using the conversion magnification obtained by adjusting the magnification control amount according to the change amount (34). 
By performing contour correction processing appropriate for each of the still image area and the moving picture area, it is possible to obtain a display image of high quality 
A method (1) of developing software code for executing on a target digital processor uses a memory in which it maintains data structures having elements, each of the elements storing data which is represented by a label, and at least some links between the elements are created by the target processor as data is being processed. 
The method comprises the step (3) of writing the software code with data structure processing operations which comply with random structure preservation rules (2). A static analysis timing tool automatically parses (4) the code developed in step (2) to identify all operations. It determines (7) from an operation and all possible input states for that operation an average time value for execution of the operation by a target data processor, and stores (9) said average time value. It determines (8) from the operation and all possible input states all possible output states for that operation. 
A tracheotomy tube has a movable flange (2) that can be locked where desired along the shaft (1) of the tube. 
The flange has two wings (24) and (25) hinged close to one end, which has a cam profile (28) . 
When the wings are folded rearwardly the flange is movable freely along the shaft. 
The flange is locked in position by folding the wings and forwardly and outwardly so that the cams contact and fractionally grip the outside of the shaft. 
The wings are retained in the locking position by a tape threaded through apertures (26) in the outer ends (27) of the wings and and by which the tube is secured with the patient's neck 
The invention relates to a remote surveillance system consisting of: at least two elements known as external network headends (345, 347), each comprising at least a long-distance communication means, a short-range wireless communication means and a microcontroller; and at least one sensor (310, 315, 317, 320, 330, 335) which is designed to transmit a signal that is representative of a physical variable using a short-range wireless communication means. The aforementioned external network headends are designed to communicate with one another and with the sensor using the short-range wireless communication means thereof. 
The invention relates to a method and device for automatically determining the concentration of nitrite of a liquid sample, with the following method steps: determining the extinction of the liquid sample with a wavelength ? of 150 250 nm; adding a nitrite reducing agent to the liquid sample; determining the extinction of the reduced liquid sample with a wavelength ? of 150 250 nm, and; determining the nitrite concentration based on the difference of the concentration values obtained from the extinctions of the non-reduced and the reduced sample 
The invention relates to a seal profile, in particular for the main sealing edges of sliding doors, swinging-sliding doors and compartment doors on motor vehicles, in particular, rail vehicles, comprising at least one chamber for a deformation sensor arranged therein and at least one sealing lip. 
According to the invention, a simultaneously high sensitivity to trapped objects and a high sealing efficiency may be achieved, whereby, in the cross-section of the profile, at least one chamber provided for a sensor is arranged roughly in the middle and in the front region of the seal profile and at least one sealing lip is provided extending outwards from the front region of the profile near to the transition from the face to the sensor chamber at an angle, preferably an angle of at least 30° to the face and projecting in a direction normal to the face over the outer contour of the sensor chamber 
Diseases and conditions associated with tissues of the body, including tissues in the eye, can be effectively treated by administering therapeutic agents to those tissues. 
Described herein are self-emulsifying formulations and methods for delivering therapeutic agents to such tissues. 
A self-emulsifying formulation may be delivered to an aqueous medium of a subject, including but not limited to the vitreous. 
A method may, for instance, be used to administer rapamycin or related compounds to treat or prevent choroidal neovascularization associated with age-related macular degeneration, or to treat dry AMD. 
A self-emulsifying formulation may also be administered systernically, such as orally, to treat transplant rejection in a subject. 
A self-emulsifying formulation may comprise rapamycin, related compounds, or other therapeutic agents 
An antenna system includes plural antennas. 
Each antenna is different than every other antenna. 
Each antenna is characterized by a principal plane. 
A principal plane of a first antenna is oblique to a principal plane of a second antenna. 
The first antenna includes a First insulating substrate extending in the principal plane of the first antenna. 
The first antenna further includes a first radiating element and a connected first conductor and includes a second radiating element and a connected second conductor. 
The first antenna further includes a coupling conductor coupling the second radiating element and the first conductor. 
The first antenna further includes a first coupler having a first signal conductor and a second signal conductor. 
The first signal conductor is coupled to the second conductor, and the second signal conductor is coupled to the first radiating element 
A connector insert 21 is installed into two panels 23 and 25, one non-metallic and one metal, effectively locking them together and finishing flush with the surfaces of each panel. 
Both sheets have aligned apertures 24 and 26 through which the connector is installed. 
The connector is a clinch-type fastener including a shank having a displacer head at one end and an endface at the opposite end, the head having a planar top surface and being the largest diameter of the fastener. 
An undercut groove is located on the shank immediately below the head and a pluralit of axially-extending broaching teeth on the shank are located immediately below the undercut groove. 
The diameter of the broaching teeth is greater than the diameter of the undercut groove but less than the diameter of the head. 
At the end of the shank is a planar endface immediately below the broaching portion 
A venous valve (500) with a frame (502) and a cover (504) on the frame (502) for unidirectional flow of a liquid through the valve (500) . 
The frame comprises an elongate strip that is twisted to obtain a partially helical configuration 
Strain relief devices for electrical connectors are disclosed and include an insert for insertion into a housing. 
The insert may include spring beams that deflect during insertion into the strain relief housing. 
When the insert is fully received in the housing, a slot in the housing may be shaped such that the spring beams return to a relaxed state, locking the insert in the housing. 
Alternatively, an end of a strain relief insert may be inserted into the housing until beams on the strain relief insert abut shoulders in the slot in the housing. 
The end may protrude beyond the housing, creating a tab that may be deformed or bent to prevent the insert from moving in a direction opposite the direction of insertion 
A system is disclosed for off-mode-peak operation of a ring laser gyroscope (RLG) to avoid exciting undesirable transverse modes by using an alternate path length control (PLC) operating point to bias the optical path length of the RLG to an appropriate side of an ideal number of wavelengths. 
A small offset error is injected into a conventional RLG phase-sensitive synchronous demodulator (PSSD) loop, which causes the loop to converge on a pre-selected operating point that is on one side of a conventional convergence point. 
The magnitude and polarity characteristics of this operating point offset can be determined for each RLG, or can be used for a family of RLG's. 
For example, a PLC loop can be used to dither about the operating point to allow closed loop control of the path length. 
Also, a PSSD control can be used to establish and maintain a requisite path length over relatively wide variations in operating temperature 
A method and antisense compound for inhibiting the growth of pathogenic bacterial cells are disclosed. 
The compound contains no more than 12 nucleotide bases and has a targeting nucleic acid sequence of no fewer than 10 bases in length that is complementary to a target sequence containing or within 10 bases, in a downstream direction, of the translational start codon of a bacterial mRNA that encodes a bacterial protein essential for bacterial replication. 
The compound binds to a target mRNA with a T<SUB>m</SUB> of between 50 °C to 60 °C. The relatively short antisense compound are substantially more active than conventional antisense compounds having a targeting base sequence of 15 or more bases 
A program product, a system, and method for a trustee and a pension system, one embodiment of a program product consistent with the invention comprises program code for generating or receiving a plurality of files or a reference or references to a plurality of files that form an life insurance settlement pool, wherein the insureds in the pool are not beneficiaries of that pension system; program code for issuing payment instructions and/or payment instruments to maintain each of a plurality of the life insurance settlement contracts; program code for registering in an electronic database an ownership interest for the pension system in the life insurance settlement pool and/or in each insurance settlement contract in the life insurance settlement pool; program code for electronically determining or having determined a proportionate share of the life insurance settlement pool; program code for paying out or having paid out proceeds from the insurance policies in accordance with a predetermined priority of distribution; program code for electronically generating or having generated an actuarial value of the life insurance settlement pool or an undivided interest therefore or an undivided interest in each of the life insurance settlement contracts in the pool on a periodic or other basis; and program code for communication the actuarial value to at least one pension system that owns an undivided interest in the life insurance settlement pool 
A screw compressor (20) has compressor lubrication network having a lubricant outlet port (242) along a low pressure cusp (244). 
An unloading slide valve element (102) may be along a high pressure cusp (105) 
An industrial robot exhibits, for rotation about its first axis (3) as well as rotation about its second axis, a drive package with a motor and a gear (11, 12) between the output shaft of the motor and the first and second axes, respec tively. 
The respective gear is a multistage gear transmis sion with parallel gear wheel axes and one of the gear wheels of the gear is secured with respect to the first and second axes, respectively. 
The gear for the second axis is arranged above the gear of the first axis and, viewed from above in the direction of the first axis, is partly covering the gear of the first axis 
Methods and apparatus provide for receiving a request from an initiating device to initiate a data transfer into a local memory for execution of one or more programs therein, the local memory being operatively coupled to a first of a plurality of parallel processors capable of operative communication with a shared memory; facilitating the data transfer into the local memory; and producing a synchronization signal indicating that the data transfer into the local memory has been completed 
A gas discharge lamp (1) is described. The gas discharge lamp (1) has an inner bulb (2) with a discharge vessel (3) and two sealing sections (4, 5) arranged on the discharge vessel. 
From the sealing sections (4, 5) electrodes (6, 7) protrude into the discharge vessel (3) each of which are electrically connected with a conductor (9) running in the associated sealing section (4, 5) in order to supply current to the electrodes (6, 7). 
The gas discharge lamp (1) also has an outer bulb (10) which surrounds the discharge vessel (3) leaving a cavity (12) between the discharge vessel (3) and the outer bulb (10). 
Close to at least one of the two electrodes (6, 7) in the transitional area between the discharge vessel (3) and the associated sealing section (4, 5) or at a short distance from this transitional area on the outside of the inner bulb (2) is arranged potential-free a conductive structure (13, 13') which on application of a voltage to the electrodes (6, 7) influences the electrical field present in the area of the electrodes (6, 7) concerned such that a discharge arc (15) travels from the electrode (6) concerned first in the direction of a wall section of the discharge vessel (3) adjacent to the electrode and then over the inside of the wall towards the other electrode (7). 
A method is also described for igniting such a gas discharge lamp (1) 
The invention concerns a system wherein an authentication server (SA) automatically selects one of several authentications identified by authentication identifiers (AUID) so as to authenticate a terminal user (T) and authorize its access to a service provided by a service server (SE) of a provider identified by a provider identifier (PRID) through a communication network (RC). 
The server is characterized in that it comprises a selection module (MSA) for selecting in a memory (TA1 to TA6) an authentication identifier (AUID) based on the provider identifier and on the type of the terminal and/or on the type of communication network, and an authentication module (MA) for authenticating the user by initiating an authentication process associated with the authentication identifier 
The present invention relates to a newly identified gene that encodes a protein that is involved in the synthesis of L-ascorbic acid (hereinafter also referred to a Vitamin C). 
The protein is coenzyme PQQ synthesis protein B. The invention also features polynucleotides comprising the full-length polynucleotide sequences of the novel genes and fragments thereof, the novel polypeptides encoded by the polynucleotides and fragments thereof, as well as their functional equivalents. 
The present invention also relates to the use of said polynucleotides and polypeptides as biotechnological tools in the production of Vitamin C from microorganisms, whereby a modification of said polynucleotides and/or encoded polypeptides has a direct or indirect impact on yield, production, and/or efficiency of production of the fermentation product in said microorganism. 
Also included are methods/processes of using the polynucleotides and modified polynucleotide sequences to transform host microorganisms. 
The invention also relates to genetically engineered microorganisms and their use for the direct production of Vitamin C 
The invention relates to an inductive proximity switch, preferably ferriteless, comprising at least one transmission coil (S), an oscillator circuit, at least two reception coils (E1, E2, Ei, En) located in the magnetic alternating field of the transmission coil, wherein the transmission and reception coils are adjacently placed on a board, and an evaluation circuit connected to said transmission and reception coils for evaluating the receiving signal of the reception coil when a target approaches the proximity switch. 
The reception coils and the transmission coil consist of at least one polygonally, annularly or elliptically-shaped winding and delimit the correspondingly shaped coil surface, respectively, wherein the transmission coil is surrounded by the first reception coil (E1), which is surrounded by the second reception coil (E2), which is in turn optionally surrounded by the third or n-th peripheral reception coil (Ei,En) or the reception coils are surrounded by the transmission coil in such a way that the coil surface delimited by the respective external coil covers all coil surfaces delimited by the other coils which are arranged more inwardly and the transmission coil is remote from the nearest adjacent reception coil without the transmission and/or reception coil overlapping 
The invention relates to a method for producing at least one semiconductor component group (3), particularly an SiC semiconductor component group (3). 
The invention is characterized by: producing a number of semiconductor components (1, 5) on a substrate, particularly on a wafer (7); testing the individual semiconductor components (1, 5) for detecting operational semiconductor components (1); assembling at least one semiconductor component group (3), which is comprised of a number of operational semiconductor components (1) and which forms a coherent flat structure, and; electrically connecting the operative semiconductor components (1) of the semiconductor component group (3) in parallel 
The invention relates to aqueous compositions comprised of: a) colorants and/or fillers; B) functionalized aqueous ketone, ketone/aldehyde or urea/aldehyde resin dispersions; C) optionally, additional binding agents and/or; auxiliary and accessory agents 
The invention relates to a circuit module (1), comprising a housing (2), with a flexible circuit board (6) running therein. 
The flexible circuit board (6) is fixed to a contact element (9) by means of a rivet (8). 
The rivet (8) is enclosed by a moulded sealing body (11) onto which a mounting for a counter-contact element (13) may be placed 
The invention relates to an insulation element for integrating into the core hole of a toroidal core (2). 
Said insulation element contains a separating device (1) for forming separate winding chambers and for connecting spacers (102, 102'), said separating device (1) comprising at least one separating strut (11) provided with a first spacer (102) on the end thereof, the width W of the separating strut being smaller than the width b of the spacer (102) 
The present invention relates to new antibiotic macrolide compounds of the general formula (I): with improved activity, to medicaments comprising such antibiotics, and to the use of such antibiotics for the treatment of infectious diseases, inflammatory diseases and human diseases or disorders which can be ameliorated by inhibition human phospdiesterases 
Generally, the presently disclosed subject matter relates to a liquid crystal display including one or more layers of a polymeric material. 
More particularly, the polymeric material is a low surface energy polymer material fabricated from a mold 
An implantable vessel filter having an integrated sensing capability for monitoring the condition of the vessel filter. 
In one variation, the vessel filter includes a plurality of legs that would themselves perform as a sensor device for detecting distention, which would indicate the presence of a clot or thrombus therein. 
A passive electrical circuit may be implemented on the vessel filter to receive electromagnetic energy and transmit signals indicative of the condition of the implanted vessel filter. 
In another variation, a miniaturized sensor is adapted for measuring the strain and/or other physical parameters of the filter legs. 
The invention relates to crystalline 1W-lmidazo[4,5-d]pyridip-5-amine, 7-[5-[(cyclohexylmethylamino)-methyl]-1H-indol-2-yl]-2-methylI sulfate (1:1), trihydrate, E6070, its method of preparation, and its therapeutic uses. 
Pharmaceutical compositions containing crystalline E6070 and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier represent one embodiment of the invention. 
The invention also relates to methods for treating an inflammatory disorder, an autoimmune disorder, or a proliferative disorder comprising the step of administering to a patient in need thereof a therapeutically effective amount of crystalline E6070 
A staple line buttress material having an adhesive surface, packaged and provided in sterile, ready-to-use form. 
The material can be used to retrofit surgical staplers to provide an improved staple line, and with improved ease of use 
A reconfigurable circuit and a related method for its use, the circuit including multiple microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) switches connected between selected points in the circuit. 
The MEMS switches are controlled to select a desired circuit condition, such as an impedance matching condition, and then the switch conditions may be fused permanently. 
In the context of an impedance matching circuit, the MEMS switches may be used to optimize matching after circuit fabrication or after packaging, thereby allowing optimization even after potentially performance changing events 
An agent for the prevention/therapy of a disease caused by keratinocyte growth, which comprises, as an active ingredient, a compound represented by the general formula (1): [wherein A represents a group selected from the following formulae: (A1) and (A2), X represents CH or N, Y represents CH<SUB>2</SUB> or C=O, z represents CH or N, R<SUP>1</SUP> represents an alkoxy group, R<SUP>2</SUP> and R<SUP>3 </SUP>represent an alkyl group, R<SUP>4 </SUP>represents a group selected from an alkyl group and the following group, R<SUP>5 </SUP>represents an alkoxy or alkylthio group, m represents an integer of 1 to 3, n represents an integer of 1 or 2 and o represents an integer of 1 or 2], a salt of the compound or a solvated material thereof 
The invention relates to a method and a system for the simultaneous reconstruction of the three-dimensional vessel geometry and the flow characteristics in a vessel system. 
According to one realization of the method, vessel segments (41) of a parametric models are fitted to differently oriented X-ray projections (P<SUB>l</SUB>, P<SUB>k</SUB>, P<SUB>N</SUB>) of the vessel system that are generated during the passage of a bolus of contrast agent, wherein the fitting takes the imaged contrast agent dynamics and physiological a priori knowledge into account. 
In an alternative embodiment, the vessel geometry is reconstructed progressively along each vessel, wherein a new segment of a vessel is added based on the continuity of the vessel direction, vessel radius and reconstructed contrast agent dynamics 
The present invention provides a method and apparatus for phase compensating in a wireless communication digital receiver. 
The method and apparatus for phase compensating pre-compensate a received expected signal sequence, which was pre- processed, using multiple pieces of preset phase mismatch information, so as to obtain multiple pre-compensated expected signal sequences. The method and apparatus for phase compensating then calculate multiple corresponding channel parameter estimated values respectively based on the multiple pre-compensated expected signal sequences and corresponding known expected signal sequence, therefore estimate the phase mismatch information of the receiver in order to compensate and recover a received signal, thus eliminate the problem of image interference caused by the phase mismatch 
Apparatus for forming cigarette filters comprises a single or multiple (14, 16) hopper system for forming filter components of single or multiple sizes. 
The filter components with spaces therebetween are partially wrapped and then conveyed to at least one media applying wheel (36) where media is deposited into the spaces between the filter components. 
A cover cap (50) is formed and placed over the partially wrapped filter components downstream of the media wheel to thereby completely wrap the filter components. 
Subsequently, the completely wrapped filter components are joined to tobacco rods with tipping paper. 
A method for forming cigarette filters is also disclosed 
The invention concerns a method for producing an assembly of at least one transmission coil (B<SUB>1</SUB>) and one reception coil (B<SUB>2</SUB>) for eddy current testing, the reception coil receiving in the absence of fault a complex amplitude signal V<SUB>R</SUB>, subjected to a variation dV<SUB>R</SUB> in the presence of a characteristic fault to be detected. 
The method consists in selecting the distance ?<SUB>ER</SUB> between the axes of the transmission coil and the reception coil so as to maximize the ratio I dV<SUB>R</SUB>/V<SUB>R </SUB>I. 
The present invention is directed to a process for manufacturing a drug delivery material, the process comprising the steps of encapsulating at least one biologically and/or therapeutically active agent in a shell; combining the encapsulated active agent with a sol; and converting the resulting combination into a solid or semi-solid drug delivery material. 
The invention further comprises drug delivery materials prodicible by such a process, as well as medical implants comprising such drug delivery materials 
A process for obtaining thermoformed articles, comprising the following steps: a) forming a sheet comprising a propylene resin; b) thermoforming the sheet obtained in step a); wherein said propylene resin has the following characteristics: a) distribution of molecular weight Mw/Mn lower than 4; preferably lower than 3; b) 2,1 insertions measured with by 13C-NMR lower than 0.50%; preferably lower than 0.40%; c) eta* and the frequency ? meet the following relation for ? comprised between 0.1 ad l : eta*>3700?(-0 13) d) melt flow rate (MFR) (ISO 1133)lower than 5; preferably lower than 4; more preferably lower than 3; wherein the polypropylene resin comprises: (i) from 10 to 100% by weight of a propylene homopolymer or a propylene copolymer containing from 0.1% to 10% by mol of derived units of ethylene or an alpha-olefin of formula CH2=CHZ wherein Z is a linear or branched C2-C20 radical; and (ii) from 0 to 90% by weight of a propylene copolymer containing from 0.1% to 10% by mol of derived units of ethylene or an alpha-olefin of formula CH2=CHZ wherein Z is a linear or branched C2-C20 radical, said propylene copolymer having a content of ethylene or an alpha-olefin of formula CH2=CHZ different from the propylene copolymer (i) 
The invention relates to a method for monitoring the temperature of at least one bearing of an electric machine, whereby a first and second bearing temperature (TAL,TBL) is detected. 
A first pair of temperature characteristics (LK1,LK2) associates a first bearing (5) with a first current-dependent and speed-dependent temperature value (TAL',TAL") each. 
A second pair of temperature characteristics (LK2) associates a second bearing (6) with a second current-dependent and speed-dependent temperature value (TBL',TBL") each. 
The product (P) from the ratios (V1,V2) between the current-dependent and speed-dependent temperature values is determined and a warning message (W) is output when the ratio (V3) of the detected bearing temperatures deviates from the determined product by a predetermined comparative value (VW). 
The actual load of the electric machine can be used to detect inadmissible deviations in time by comparing the ratio of the bearing temperature to be expected to the ratio of the measured bearing temperatures. 
The inventive method thus allows to initiate countermeasures in time, such as e.g. replacement of the bearing, before the bearing and thus the electric machine fails 
The invention relates to a method for diagnosing allergic complaints, atopic diseases and/or auto-immune diseases, according to which a sample from a patient is analysed for the presence of anti-CD28 auto-antibodies by bringing said sample into contact with CD28. 
If auto-antibodies bond to the CD28, this indicates the presence of an allergic complaint, atopic disease and/or auto-immune disease. 
The invention also relates to the use of CD28 for diagnosing said diseases and to a kit that is designed for this purpose, comprising CD28 and marked anti-immunoglobulin antibodies 
The present invention relates to an ambulatory medical device and a method of communication between medical devices. 
The inventive medical device comprises a module for communication with at least a second medical device wherein said module for communication is adapted to be activated by a value of a physiological parameter of an animal. 
The method of the present invention comprises a first medical device and at least a second medical device wherein the communication between said medical devices is activated by a value of a physiological parameter of an animal 
The invention relates to a cooling device for a machine tool (10) for cooling a heated fluid, for example a cooling lubricants, comprising at least one refrigerating unit (48) for a fluid which is filtered by a filtering unit (40) and is received form at least one storage tank (38) by means of a pumping unit provided with at least one hydraulic pump (P2), separated clean (22) and waste (36) tanks, wherein the refrigerating unit (48) returns the circulating cooled fluid to the clean tank (22). 
Since the hydraulic pump (P2) of the pumping unit supplies the fluid only filtered by the filtering unit (40) from the waste tank (36) to the clean tank (22) and another independent hydraulic pump (P5) continues to supply the fluid from the clean tank to the refrigerating unit (48) for a subsequent circulation, the base structure of a known refrigerating device can be preserved and possible pressure losses caused by the blinding of the filter of the filtering unit have no negative effects on the constantly maintained flow rates for the refrigerating unit 
The invention relates to a steering mechanism consisting of a steering column, wherein several safety features are accommodated in a compact manner in an extremely small area and with little effort. 
The invention also relates to an operational method for said steering mechanism, wherein several safety functions are embodied in an alternate or simultaneous manner. 
The invention relates to a portable heating system. 
The system includes a support including an annular structure and at least one support arm attached thereto, where the support is adapted to interface with a base. 
The support can be used to support cooking utensils such as frying pans, skillets, and pots 
The present invention is directed to processes for the preparation of substituted phenylpyrazole ureas of Formula (I) that are useful as 5-HT2A serotonin receptor modulators for the treatment of disease 
The invention relates to the development, composition and production of mucosal (oral) vaccines for fish. 
More specifically, the invention relates to protein complexes for the delivery of antigens to and across mucosal surfaces of fish for the induction of an immune response, and to the production of said complexes in a host cell, preferably plants. 
Provided is the use of a protein complex comprising an antigen of interest fused to the B-subunit of Vibrio cholerae cholera toxin (CT-B), or Escherichia coli heat-labile enterotoxin (LT-B) for the manufacture of an oral fish vaccine. 
Also provided is fish feed comprising a protein complex of the inventio 
Method and means for manufacturing an electronic device which comprises an electronic component (21) and encapsulation members (24, 25) fit to jointly encapsulate said electronic component after being sealed together. 
The electronic component and at least one of the encapsulation members comprise mutually matching conductor pairs (22/27, 23/28) extending through the encapsulation members' sealing edges (26). 
The encapsulating members and the matching conductor pairs become sealed together by applying an adhesive between said sealing edges and pressing the encapsulating members and the matching conductor pairs together, said adhesive being or becoming conductive in the direction of said pressure. 
The adhesive preferably is an anisotropically conductive adhesive, e.g. comprising conductive spheres. 
Preferably, per matching conductor pair at least one conductor protrudes outside the plane of the respective encapsulating member's sealing edge. 
The electronic component may comprise a flat light emitting or electroluminescent component 
The invention relates to a method for obtaining micro- and nanodisperse systems. 
In particular, it relates to a method that allows said systems, such as liposomes, emulsions and suspensions, to be obtained with a size of less than 50mm, and preferably less than 1mm, and with improved stability properties over time, which includes the stages of a) Dissolving or suspending a compound C in a fluid A, to obtain a mixture A, in the form of a solution or dispersion; b) Thermostatising said mixture A to a temperature of between -50°C and 200°C; c) Adding a fluid B to mixture A until a pressure P is obtained; and it is characterised in that in said stage (c) formation of the solution AB occurs and because it includes, d) Reducing the pressure of solution AB to a pressure lower than or equal to 100 bars, and then e) Adding a fluid E, in which fluid A is miscible and in which compound C is partially or totally insoluble at atmospheric pressure, with said fluid E acting as a crystallisation interruption agent 
The invention relates to an instructional cooking container which serves as an aid to an inexperienced user in the preparation of a cooked dish and which is preferably intended for the preparation of paellas. 
The invention essentially comprises a circular configuration and is formed by a base (2) and a peripheral wall (3), such as to define an inner surface that is intended to receive the ingredients. In addition, a flange (4) is disposed along the entire periphery of the aforementioned wall (3) and is provided with graphical characters (5) that serve as instructions in the form of a recipe indicating the manner in which a given dish is prepared. The inventive container is also equipped with division marks (8-11) (10) which define areas that are proportional to the quantities of ingredients required 
A method for purifying a protected oligonucleotide comprising the steps of: a) - providing a solution of the protected oligonucleotide in at least one solvent A having a boiling point below the boiling point of a solvent B, - heating the solution at a temperature of at least 30°C and below the boiling point of the at least solvent A, - adding solvent B until precipitation of a material is visible in the solution, said solvent B being an alcohol having 1 to 6 C-atoms or a diol having 2 to 6 C-atoms, - allowing the solution to cool down under stirring until formation of a supernatant and a residue, - removing the supernatant or b) - providing solvent B, said solvent B being an alcohol having 1 to 6 C- atoms or a diol having 2 to 6 C-atoms, - heating solvent B at a temperature above 30°C and below the boiling point of solvent B, - adding a solution of a protected oligonucleotide in at least one solvent A until precipitation of a material is visible in the solution, - allowing the solution to cool down under stirring until formation of a supernatant and a residue, - removing the supernatant 
The present invention relates to structures for strengthening building materials that will be subject to large forces and strains in normal use, and are particularly suitable for use in the construction of buildings in areas prone to earthquakes. 
More particularly embodiments of the present invention are suitable for insertion into concrete members such as columns, beams and shear walls. 
Embodiments of the present invention provide a structure for strengthening concrete comprising a pre-formed and subsequently bent mesh having a plurality of lateral bars and at least one assembly bar. 
The assembly bars have a plurality of attachment points, each providing attachment to a respective lateral bar. 
The assembly bars each have an axis along its length, and the lateral bars are bent along axes substantially parallel to the axis of the at least one assembly bar. 
Each lateral bar defines an anchorage portion at both ends thereof, and an intermediate portion extending between the anchorage portions. 
Each intermediate portion has a plurality of bends, each of the bends forming a respective reinforcing location for receiving a longitudinal reinforcement bar aligned substantially parallel to the axis of the at least one assembly bar. 
The total angle through which each intermediate portion is bent is more than 360°, to provide an improved strengthening structure 
The present invention provides a use of adapalene in the preparation of a topical medicament for administering to a patient so as to sustain its biological response in the treatment of acne vulgaris, wherein the administration pattern of the topical medicament comprises administering a therapeutically effective amount of adapalene at least once every two days for at least 6 months 
The invention relates to a method and a device for creating a periodic thread deflection on a fancy thread when producing an effect yarn. 
According to the invention, a core thread is combined with a fancy thread so as to obtain the effect yarn, the effect points on the effect yarn being created by periodically forming and removing a thread loop by deflecting the fancy thread between two thread guides. 
In order to create the greatest possible effect point density in the effect yarn, the thread loop of the fancy thread is created by means of a rotating shaped disk that has an asymmetric outer contour, the thread being guided perpendicular to the shaped disk while being deflected with the aid of the outer contour of the rotating shaped disk 
The invention relates to a security element (20), in particular for valuable documents comprising a reflecting layer (22) in which visually recognisable characteristics are integrated in the form of patterns, letters, figures or images by means of a laser radiation. 
According to said invention, said reflecting layer (22) comprises a first partial area (24) provided with an interference structure and a second partial area (26), wherein said partial areas (24, 26) differently interact with the laser radiation in such a way that the modification of the optical characteristics of the reflecting layer of one of the partial area (24, 26) produced by the laser radiation enables the characteristics to be visually recognisable 
A device for testing for the presence of an analyte, the device comprising at least one reagent adapted to provide a colorimetric indication in the presence of the analyte, a catalyst to catalyse the reaction providing the colorimetric indication, and where there is provided one reagent, means for substantially inhibiting reaction between reagent and catalyst or where there is provided more than one reagent, means for substantially inhibiting reaction between said reagents and between said reagents and catalyst, prior to introduction of the analyte, wherein the at least one reagent and the catalyst are solids 
A usage indicator (12) for a process cartridge (10) comprising a reflective tab (18); a shutter (26) connected to a rotatable mounting platform (20); and engaging means (38) attached to the rotatable mounting platform (20). 
In its initial state, the shutter (26) covers the reflective tab (18) to prevent the reflectivve tab (18) from reflecting light emitted by an external light sensing system. 
At the same time, the engaging means (38) engages a gear train (14) of the process cartridge (10). 
During first operation of the gear train (14), the gear train (14) engages the engaging means (38) to rotate the rotatable mounting platform (20) and thereby uncover at least a portion of the reflective tab (18) able to reflect light emitted by the external light sensing system. 
The rotation of the mounting platform (20) continues until the engaging means (38) no longer engages the gear train (14) 
An aqueous dispersion of nanoparticle/polyurethane composites is made by forming a mixture of nanoparticles and a continuous mass of a polyurethane prepolymer in the substantial absence of water and dispersing the mixture so made in aqueous medium. 
Alternatively, a polyurethane prepolymer or a mixture of nanoparticles and a continuous mass of a polyurethane prepolymer is dispersed into an aqueous dispersion of nanoparticles 
A method for forming nanoparticles (520) in-situ includes depositing a first nanoparticle reactant (160, 300, 304, 308) from a printhead onto a desired substrate (170), and depositing a second nanoparticle reactant (160, 300, 304, 308) from the printhead substantially onto the first reactant (160, 300, 304, 308), wherein the first nanoparticle reactant (160, 300, 304, 308) is configured to react with the second nanoparticle reactant (160, 300, 304, 308) to form a nanoparticle (520) 
Isolated and purified nucleic acid molecules encoding Hyoscyamus muticus premnaspirodiene oxidase (HPO) have been prepared by gene cloning. 
These nucleic acid molecules encode the oxidase enzyme which can catalyze the hydroxylation of valencene to ß-nootkatol and nootkatone, which is industrially important and used in food products. 
Also within the scope of the invention are vectors including the nucleic acid molecules, host cells transformed or transfected by the vectors, and methods of producing proteins by expression of the nucleic acid molecules in the host cells. 
Further within the scope of the invention are methods of producing an oxidized terpene substrate from an unoxidized terpene substrate using proteins or expressed nucleic acid molecules according to the invention 
A container (1) including a valve (2) serves to discharge a product located in container (1), particularly a hair care product provided with a propellant. 
Container (1) shows a circumferential sleeve (3) at its top. 
A valve disk (4) grips under the sleeve (3) with its skirt (5) and encloses a passage (6). 
A sealing device (8) seals the valve disk (4) with respect to the sleeve (3). 
To prevent that the sleeve (3) is deformed towards the interior if the container (1), which is made of plastic, heats up, a circumferential ring (9) is put into the gap between the sleeve (3) and the valve (2) 
An apparatus and method for a high intensity lighting fixture. 
In one aspect, instead of a spun aluminum bowl-shaped reflector, a die cast metal reflector frame (30) , somewhat simulating a bowl shape, includes an inner surface with mounting structure . 
A high reflectance sheet or plurality of high reflectance inserts (120) are placed onto the mounting structure to create a reflecting surface (32) . 
This allows high customability of the reflecting surface and minimizes light loss 
The present invention relates in a first aspect to a power steering gear (1) for a heavy vehicle in which the power steering gear (1) comprises a housing (9) and a flow path for a power steering fluid, and in which a heat exchanger (2) is mounted to said housing (9) or is a part thereof. 
The heat exchanger (2) comprises a first flow path for the power steering fluid and a second flow path for a coolant adapted to exchange heat with the power steering fluid. 
The invention also relates to a cooling system for a power steering gear (1), to a heavy vehicle comprising a power steering gear (1) having such a cooling system, and to a method of cooling the power steering fluid of a power steering gear (1) on a heavy vehicle 
A system for monitoring and documenting the installation of at least one rock reinforcement bolt in a tunnel or a mine, wherein bolt installation related information is stored and related to the identity of the bolt is distinguished by means (S1, S2, S3, 4) for registering of at least one bolt installation related parameter and means for storing the corresponding installation parameter data in a related memory (M), and means (S4, 4) for registering the installation position and means for storing the corresponding installation position data in a related memory (M). 
The invention also concerns a method 
The present invention relates to a sterilization plant for the sterilization of surgical instruments, the plant comprising at least one original building (1) having at least one first process line that extends, at least partly, essentially parallel to a first one (2) of the essentially limiting external walls (2, 3, 4, 5) of said original building (1), the sterilization plant further comprising at least one extension module (31) located next to and, at least partly, essentially parallel to said first external wall (2). 
The present invention also relates to an extension module (31) and a method of increasing the capacity of a sterilization plant 
A system for administering flowable products, has a product storage container (5), supply means (7) for feeding the product from the container and into a feeding channel (9) and for applying a feeding pressure to the product and a product dispensing head (4) to which the product is supplied. 
An uninterrupted flow of the pressurized product to the inlet (20) of the dispensing head is provided, and a product metering chamber is provided in the actual dispensing head (4), having a predetermined fixed maximum volume corresponding to that of a product portion to be dispensed and being displaceable as a shuttle between a loading position and a dispensing position wherein the metering chamber is collapsed for dispensing the fixed product volume 
The invention relates to a folding step (4) arranged inside a vehicle door (2) arranged in the cab (1) of a vehicle. 
The invention is characterized in that the step (3) is connected to a mechanism (9) comprising a vertical shaft (10) that is connected to the door of the vehicle (2) and is mounted in such a way that it can pivot, which mechanism (9) is arranged to cause the step (3), during rotation around the said vertical shaft (10), to assume an unfolded or folded-away position when the door (2) of the vehicle is opened or closed 
The invention relates to the structural design of a substrate for specimens, to a method for the production thereof and to a device based thereon. 
The inventive substrate structural design makes it possible to carry out a method for comprehensively investigating thin films consisting in forming a thin-film specimen on a specifically constructed specimen table, which enables to prepare such a specimen and to carry out subsequent operations for the investigation thereof. 
In particular for investigating a given specimen, said method makes it possible to use devices such as optical, atomic-force and optical near field microscopes, an analyser based on an X-rayogram obtainable by means of a synchrotron radiation, transmission and scanning (raster) electron microscopes, etc., thereby making it possible to identify the concrete investigated specimen areas while the transfer thereof from one device to another one 
The invention relates to mechanical engineering and to processing hard-to-machine steels, alloys, tough non-ferrous metals and composite materials. 
The inventive method consists in rotating a machining workpiece, in translating a cutter and in carrying out the oscillatingly adjustable displacement of the cutter cutting point under action of cutting resistance forces acting on an oscillating circuit which consists of the movable cutting point of the cutter, resilient elements and the fixed part of the cutter. 
In order to increase the process performance and the tool resistance, said invention provides for the use a cutter comprising an additional resiliently damping oscillating circuit operating on a plane which is perpendicular to the main oscillating circuit in such a way that an additional damping bridging is produced in the front area of the cutter cutting point, wherein said resilient element of the main circuit is used for damping the stem of the cutter part with respect to the fixed part thereof 
The invention relates to the food industry. 
In order to ensure the process temperature conditions of a device for finally fermenting and/or storing and/or transporting and/or dispensing beer is provided with a cooling unit which is embodied in such a way that it cools a liquid supplied to a cooling jacket, is arranged inside a protective housing or outside thereof and is rigidly connected thereto 
The invention relates to systems for maintaining cleanliness in locations. 
Said invention makes it possible to maintain cleanliness in a location by permanently replacing a dirty device with a clean device in order to retain mud and moisture inside a carpet pile and to reduce the risk of traumatism. 
Said aim is attained by a system for maintaining cleanliness in a location, consisting of a replaceable carpet covering which is placeable before and/or immediately after the entry door of the location and is mainly embodied in the form a rubber base provided with a synthetic fibre pile. 
Said system also comprises a unit for determining the expediency of replacing said carpet covering, a unit for delivering and replacing the carpet covering with a clean covering, which is connected thereto and a unit for cleaning the carpet covering connected to the unit for delivering and replacing said carpet covering 
A device for a gangway construction is described, which is characterised in that it is composed of a number of sections, each comprising a polygonal frame, one connected to the frame formed as a landing, and a gangway, the one end of which is hinge-connected to the frame/landing while the other end is set up to rest against the frame/landing of an underlying frame, and the construction is arranged to be readjusted between a folded position where the sections are lying on top of each other, as in a stack of frames, with each gangway inserted in the frame, and an active, using position where the frames are set up a distance apart so that the gangways form a suitable angle between adjoining landings/frames. 
Also described are a section for building a gangway construction, a railing construction and also applications of the invention 
Disclosed are sweets comprising an inner core (a) (filling) surrounded by a transparent or translucent outer layer (b), (a) and (b) being differently flavoured and coloured from one another, characterised in that (a) contains an opacifying agent and core (a) and/or layer (b) contain at least one flavour enhancer 
The invention relates to an austenitic iron-carbon-manganese metal sheet whose chemical composition comprises the following contents expressed in weight: 0.45 % = C = 0.75 %, 15 % = Mn = 26 %, Si = 3 %, Al = 0.050 %, S = 0.030 %, P= 0.080 %, N = 0.1 %, at least one metallic element selected from the group consisting of vanadium, titanium, niobium, chromium, molybdenum 0.050 % = V = 0.50 %, 0.040 % = Ti = 0.50 %, 0.070 % = Nb = 0.50 %, 0.070 % = Cr = 2 %, 0.14 % = Mo = 2 % and, optionally, one or more elements selected among 0.0005 % = B = 0.003 %, Ni = 1 %, Cu = 5 %, the remainder of the composition consisting of iron and of unavoidable impurities resulting from the processing, the quantity of said at least one metallic element in the form of precipitated carbides, nitrides or carbonitrides being: 0.030 % = V<SUB>p</SUB> = 0.150 %, 0.030 %= Ti<SUB>p</SUB> = 0.130 %, 0.040 % = Nb<SUB>p</SUB> = 0.220 %, 0.070 % = Cr<SUB>p </SUB>= 0.6 %, 0.14 % = Mo<SUB>p</SUB> = 0.44 % 
The invention relates to a method for automatically selecting at least one electronic data and/or communication device and/or a device component among a combination of devices and/or device components which are interconnected via a radio network, an infrared transmission network, and/or a wiring system and each of which is provided with at least one interactive transceiver unit or is connected to such a transceiver unit. 
At least one device or device component represents a control device when at least one function is processed while all other devices are controlled devices and correspond with each other in said mode of operation. 
The control device transmits an initial control command to the devices that are to be controlled. 
Said devices send a message whether the desired functions can be perceived by the same. 
The control device then transmits a final command to the controlled devices required for processing the functions 
The invention relates to a method for welding a conductor to a conductive film, which is preferably connected to a circuit board support in order to produce a printed circuit board, the depth or diameter of the conductor being preferably larger than the thickness of the conductive film. 
According to said method, the conductive film is in contact with a thermal isolation plate, at least during the welding process, the thermal conductivity of said plate being lower than that of the conductive film 
The invention relates to a medical implant comprising a composite material which is composed of reinforcement fibers made of a magnesium-containing, bio-corrosive alloy, another bio-corrosive alloy containing a main component that is selected among the group encompassing Mg, Ca, Fe, or Y, or a non-biodegradable fiber material, embedded in a matrix made of crystalline magnesium or magnesium alloys 
The invention relates to a shoe comprising an upper part (1) and a sole (2), a support and inner part (2') of an intermediate sole (2") and an outer sole (2'"). 
The intermediate sole (2") contains a damping element which comprises a plurality of first elements (3) which are arranged adjacent to each other and which are embodied as a hollow body defining a receiving area (3) in which an associated second element (4) having a smaller cross-section than the first element (2) can at least partially penetrate. The elements (3, 5) are coaxial. 
At least one part of the second elements (5) have a prism or cylindrical form and are embodied at least partially as a massive part. Both of the elements (3, 5), which are associated with each other, are connected together by means of an elastic connecting section (6) which only extends between the first element (3) and the second element (5) and the first element (3), the connecting section (6) and the second element (5) are embodied as a single piece 
The invention relates to a novel method for producing compact, spherical mixed oxide powders having an average particle size > 10 µm by way of spray pyrolysis. 
The invention also relates to the use of said powders as luminescent substances, as base material for luminescent substances or as a starting material for the manufacture of ceramics or for the production of high-density, high-strength and optionally transparent bulk material by way of hot-press molding techniques 
A method for processing the bearer includes: setting the processing condition and the processing manner corresponding to the processing condition; the Traffic Plane Function (TPF) entity monitoring the occurrence of the bearer event and judging whether the current bearer information matches the set processing condition; if so, the TPF entity performing the bearer-based processing for the current bearer according to the processing manner corresponding to the matched processing condition; otherwise, the TPF entity performing the service-flow-based processing for the current bearer. 
The present invention reduces the message interaction between the control function entity based on the service data flow and the TPF entity, effectively avoids the generation of the redundant message between the control function entity based on the service data flow and the TPF entity and decreases the influence from the new added features to the existing network and complies with the requirement of the actual network development 
A system and method for mobile host realizing multicast service are disclosed. 
Each mobile host corresponds to a dynamic multicast agent in the invention. 
The dynamic multicast agent need to realize dynamic handoff according to the path that the mobile host passed through during its move. 
If the dynamic multicast agent is handed over to the multicast sub-network agent (MSA) of current multicast sub-network, then the mobile host joins the multicast group directly, thus optimizing the multicast transmission path. 
The invention could reduce the frequent reconstruction of the multicast tree due to the host moving, and effectively avoid the overlong tunnel form between the dynamic multicast agent and the MSA of the outland multicast sub-network, so as to optimize the multicast transmission path. 
Furthermore, the invention could use the network resources sufficiently, avoid the multicast agent becoming the bottleneck of the network communication, and at the same time avoid the occurrence of the tunnel aggregation problem 
A method for processing the multicast service and the system thereof comprise: bind a default template configuring a program authority for a user respectively and/or a combination template for performing a program combination and authority to each user, and forward the ordered program directly for the privilege user; for the non-privilege user, travel all of the templates that have been bound to users, from which obtain the authority of user to order program, and no forwarding will be done if the user has no authority; if the user has the authority, forward the program stream to the user after the transmission of the program steam to the multicast service process system. 
The method and system of the present invention are compatible with multicast service combination and individuation scheme, provide flexible solution for the configure of authority of multicast users, provide a more efficient and more flexible manner to transmit authority, increase the flexibility of multicast service process, achieve an individuation service to users, also provide a process manner for privilege user, provide a veritable, efficient and convenient process of privilege 
A process method for dealing with device overload in the communication network, which is applied to the communication network having independent bearing control layer, the method includes: sets overload threshold in the device involved in the service connection, during running of said device, detects whether or not process capability of the device itself is overload, if so, then the overload device sends the overload alert message carrying address of the overload device to its peripheral devices, the peripheral devices receiving the overload alert message limits the services passing through the overload device. 
The invention enables reasonably the devices associated with service connection to automatically guide the subsequent establishment for service connection, and it improves the operation efficiency of network, and reduces the process delay of service connection 
A roller assembly (10) for a retractable grandstand or part thereof having a support body (11) having a plurality of rollers (15). 
The rollers (15) contact a support surface (16) in an unloaded state. 
There is also provided a plurality of load distribution elements (14) which contact the support surface (16) when the retractable grandstand or part thereof is in an extended or retracted state. 
The roller assembly (10) is characterised in that the plurality of rollers (15) are oriented in a collinear arrangement wherein each of said rollers (15) is attached to a common connecting rod (19) which is operatively connected to control means (35) thereby causing each of said rollers (15) to simultaneously extend from the support body (11) when contacting the support surface (16) and simultaneously retract 
A coil for magnetic resonance imaging operates in a transmit mode with multiple loops locked together in a phase relationship like a birdcage coil to provide a uniform transmission field, but in a receive mode like a phased array coil, each coil operating independently to produce a separate signal for reception by the MRI machine. 
Phasing of the coil during transmit mode is provided by a ring resonator controllably coupled to the loops. 
Controllable coupling is provided by a series of current limiting elements interposed between the resonant ring and the loops of the coil 
A steam generating boiler having a matrix means (8) for reducing combustion volume. 
Matrix means (8) is placed in the combustion furnace (5) of a steam generating boiler, preferably downstream of fuel and oxidant stream (11, 12). 
Matrix means produces a shorter combustion envelope than that of a conventional boiler, allowing for reduced volume steam generating boilers 
The hybrid mobile terminal is engaged in an existing call through a serving one of a circuit switched or packet data wireless networks. 
The mobile terminal places a new call through the target one of the wireless networks, the new call having a predetermined called party identifier. 
In response to the called party identifier, the call is converted to a loop-back call directed to the mobile terminal through the serving wireless network, establishing a call path through the target wireless network. 
The mobile terminal accepts the loop-back call, and directs the existing call to connect to the call path through the target wireless network. 
The existing call through the original network is then dropped, effecting an inter-system handoff from the serving to the target wireless network 
A method for inducing a protective immune response is disclosed, the method utilizing a composition comprising a CXCR3-binding chemokine such as CXCL10 (IP-10) administered in conjunction with a protein, peptide, polynucleotide, or other target antigen 
The present invention relates to circuit boards with radially arrayed components. 
One specific embodiment is a memory circuit board (20) with memory components (27), such as, for example, DRAM chips, radially arrayed around a central point. 
The present invention also relates to stacking and connecting multiple circuit boards (60) with radially arrayed components. 
Another embodiment of the invention involves methods of preparing radially arrayed components on a circuit board module with substantially equidistant paths to the components 
The present invention involves a simple and rapid method for quantitative detection of a ligand in a sample using a combination of an ELISA-like assay and immunohistochemical staining 
The invention relates to the use of substituted cyclopentanes or cyclopentanones as ocular hypotensives. New Compounds are also provided 
A method of measuring human brain activity includes the steps of simultaneously measuring pulses at two locations on a human subject that each receives blood from a different carotid artery that feeds a respective one of left and right hemispheres of the brain of the human subject, determining pulse characteristics from the measured pulses, and evaluating relative left and right hemisphere activity of the brain of the human subject based on the determined pulse characteristics. 
The method may use dual photoplethysmograhic blood pulse sensors that measure left and right hemisphere activity by determining pulse amplitude difference and time or phase differences between the earlobes while the subject carries out various mental functions. 
The data from the sensors are processed to provide a measure of brain function and the mental activity of the subject 
Methods and systems of detecting one or more characteristics of a load are disclosed. 
One or more characteristics of a first signal may be detected at the output of a radio frequency (RF) power generator. 
The first signal may have a fundamental frequency. 
The one or more characteristics of the first signal may be sampled at a sampling frequency to produce a digital sampled signal. 
The sampling frequency may be determined based on a function of the fundamental frequency of the first signal. 
One or more characteristics of a load in communication with the RF power generator may then be determined from the digital sampled signal. 
The present invention provides a floor covering having a surface that forms a boundary with an ambient environment, and that includes a structure comprising an effective quantity of electrically polarizable, pyroelectric particles disposed substantially below that surface. 
A method for generating negative ions is also provided that includes positioning a flooring cover within a building, where the floor covering includes a surface that forms a boundary with the ambient environment of the building. 
The floor covering comprises an effective quantity of pyroelectrically polarizable material disposed no more than one millimeter from the surface, so that when a person or thing travels across that surface so as to frictionally heat the pyroelectrically polarizable material, negative ions are generated. 
Such generation of negative ions neutralizes or reduces odor, airborne bacteria, mold spores, pollens, and other harmful particles in the air 
A method for organizing and maintaining an ad-hoc network for communication between a plurality of moving devices is disclosed. 
The method comprises the steps of grouping the plurality of moving devices into at least one local peer group (LPG) , ordering the plurality of devices within each LPG based upon a relative position of each of the plurality of devices within each LPG and assigning a unique identifier for each of the plurality of moving devices, where the unique identifier is based, in part on the LPG that the corresponding moving device is located 
A security device for attachment to an article to deter theft of the article has a housing containing an alarm system including an audible alarm and an LED. 
A cable has one end attached to the housing and a second end attached to a plug which is selectively inserted into and locked to the housing. 
The cable includes a conductor electrically connected to the alarm system when in the locked position. 
The audible alarm is activated if the integrity of the cable is compromised. 
An EAS tag located in the housing will actuate an alarm at a security gate and can actuate the audible alarm of the security device when the device is in proximity to a security gate. 
The LED is positioned in the housing to be visible from both sides of the housing. 
A magnetically attractable lock mechanism releasably secures the cable plug in the locked position 
Users provide contact information to the system. 
The system uses the contact information to contact the user and collect a digital sample of the user's speech/voice. 
The digital sample is stored as the user's registered voice signature. 
Device identification and/or location information may be obtained from the user's device. 
This information may be cross-checked against external databases for corroboration. 
Discrepancies are noted in a report that can be used for investigative purposes. 
The system stores the device information, voice signature and user provided information in associated fashion. 
The voice signature is used to verify a subsequently provided voice sample when a user wishes to record a communications session. 
Access to recording functionality is allowed if the voice signatures match. 
Recording is initiated provided that consent to recording is provided by one or more parties to the communications session. 
The confirmation of consent is recorded and stored by the system 
Apparatus for treating cardiac arrhythmias includes an ultrasonic ablation device incorporating an ultrasonic emitter (22, 400), means (10, 14, 402, 404) for positioning the ablation device outside of the heart but adjacent the epicardial surface of the heart, and means (26, 28, 30) for focusing the ultrasonic energy emitted by the emitter into an ablation region, so that the ablation region is disposed within the wall of the heart 
Apparatus for mixing caulk with colorant comprising a first compartment having a predetermined amount of caulk provided or placed therein; a second compartment having a predetermined amount of colorant provided or placed therein; a mixer in fluid communication with the two compartments; a discharger to discharge the caulk and the colorant from the compartments into the mixer, wherein the caulk and the colorant are mixed such that the colorant tints the caulk as it is dispensed. 
A method for mixing caulk with colorant comprising providing or placing a predetermined amount of caulk in a first compartment; providing or placing a predetermined amount of colorant in a second compartment; providing a mixer in fluid communication with the compartments; discharging the caulk and the colorant from the compartments into the mixer, and mixing the caulk and the colorant such that the colorant tints the caulk as it is dispensed 
Disclosed herein is a continuously locking device for a seat track. 
The fixing mechanism of a conventional seat track is that one or two hook extrusions are inserted and fixed into the fitting holes, formed in the longitudinal direction of the lower track which is fixed at a bottom face of an automobile, and it can move back-and-f orth by releasing the insertion with a control lever. 
However, this configuration has high risk of the separation for the lateral impact, and has a disadvantage that the seat can suddenly slide backward due to an unlocking condition of the hook extrusion when seated after the adjustment by the control lever. 
The present invention provides a continuously locking device for a seat track in order to maintain fixed condition against the external impact and prevent the unlocking condition 
A digital/analogue converter (10) for converting an input n-bit digital code, where n is an integer greater than one, has an n-bit digital input and an output for connection to a load, and comprises: an array of (n-1) switched capacitors; and a switching arrangement. 
The switching arrangement is adapted, in a zeroing phase of operation, to connect a first reference voltage (V1) to the first plate of at least one capacitor (Ci) of the array and to connect a second plate of the at least one capacitor to a voltage (V2, V3) that, for at least one value of the input digital code, is different from the first reference voltage (V1) and is further adapted, in a decoding phase of operation, to enable, dependent on the value of the input digital code, injection of charge into the at least one capacitor (Ci). 
The converter may be a bufferless converter having an output for direct connection to a capacitive load 
An information processing device installed in an operator (e.g. 6A) connected to a portable terminal (18) through a communication line and connected to selectable operators (6B, 6C) in a roamed region of the portable terminal is provided. 
The information processing device has databases (30A, 30B) where operator information is stored and an information distributing sections (control sections (28A, 28B)) for reading, on receiving specification of a roamed region form the portable terminal the operator information on the operator having a service area in the specified region from a database and distributing it to the portable terminal. 
The portable terminal has storage sections (an SIMCARD (20), a memory (54), a data storage section (84)) where the operator information is stored, and an information processing section (CPU (52)) which receives the operator information on the operator having a service area in the specified region by specifying a roamed region 
A computer tomography apparatus (200) for examination of an object of interest (207), the computer tomography apparatus (200) comprising detecting elements (223) adapted to detect, as detecting signals, electromagnetic radiation scattered from an object of interest (207) in an energy-resolving manner, and a combination unit (225) adapted to combine detecting signals detected by different detecting elements (223) such as to reduce the amount of data to be processed for determining structural information concerning the object of interest (207) 
A method of scanning a first type of record carrier (12) and/or at least a second type of record carrier (12), using a radial tracking error signal and a focus error signal, the first type of record carrier (12) having a first track pitch (62), the second type of record carrier (12) having a second track pitch (63), in which the first and the second track pitches are different from each other, the method comprising the steps of directing a main radiation beam and at least two satellite radiation beams onto an information layer (34) of the first type of record carrier (12) or the second type of record carrier (12) to form a main radiation beam spot (36) and at least two satellite beam spots on said information layer (34), detecting the main radiation beam spot and the satellite radiation beam spots by means of detection element components (48,50,52) of a detection element (40), after being reflected from the information layer (34) of the first or second type of record carrier (12), and positioning the satellite radiation beam spots during scanning of the first type of record carrier (12) at a distance (70) to the track (56) on which the main radiation beam spot (36) is positioned. 
The distance (70) is chosen in dependence on the track pitch (63) of the second type of record carrier (12), and the focus error signal is calculated by using signals generated from the detection element components (48,50,52) that detect the satellite radiation beam spots so as to reduce crosstalk of the first type of record carrier (12) 
A process for the preparation of coated polymer particles containing superparamagnetic crystals, said process comprising reacting surface-functionalized, superparamagnetic crystal-containing polymer particles of diameter less than 0.5 µm with at least one polyisocyanate and at least one diol 
The invention deals with a thin-walled compressible package where on the compressible package transversal recesses are created and where the principle is that the recesses (1) are created in at least four layers where in each layer there are at least two recesses (1) and at the same time the recesses (1) in one layer are always in the position under and/or over the contact place of the recesses (1) created in the neighbouring layers or under and/or over the gap between the recesses (1) created in the neighbouring layers while at the same time the recesses (1) in the neighbouring layers partly overlap each other with their side margins (11) with regard to the longitudinal axis from the axial point of view 
The invention features methods and compositions featuring a PDE5 inhibitor for treating or preventing immunological-mediated disease in a subject 
Embodiments of truss systems and methods are disclosed. 
One system embodiment comprises a first chord, a second chord, and a continuous web member connected to the first chord and the second chord 
Embodiments of the invention provide a transistor with stepped source and drain regions. 
The stepped regions may provide significant strain in a channel region while minimizing current leakage. 
The stepped regions may be formed by forming two recesses in a substrate to result in a stepped recess, and forming the source/drain regions in the recesses 
A system and method for retraining the visual system of a subject with damage to the striate and/or extrastriate visual cortex includes displaying a visual stimulus within a first location of an impaired visual field of the subject; and detecting the subject's perception of an attribute of the visual stimulus. 
The system and method are believed to effectively recruit undamaged higher level structures in the visual system to assume the functions of the damaged structures 
The present invention relates to a method and system for connecting a composite bar code system (connecting a 2-dimensional bar code linked with variable data, to preexisting static data linked with a recognized linear bar code and system) or recognized RFID tag and system with an additional informational need. The present invention further relates to a method including creating (step 4) and printing (step 5) a 2-dimensional composite bar code. The 2-dimensional composite bar code is then applied to an item (step 6) and scanned (step 10) to retrieve information from the 2-dimensional composite bar code. 
The present invention further relates to methods and systems for manipulating this connection to tailer a transaction according to a user's adaptive disclosure needs throughout a supply, transfer, or transportation chain 
Adiponectin variants comprising one or more amino acid modifications to corresponding wild-type adiponectins at positions having predetermined hydrophobicity, predetermined polarity, predetermined electrostatic potential, Met, aromatic amino acid, Cys corresponding to position 152 of SEQ ID NO:1, amino acid affecting isoelectric point of the wild-type or variant adiponectin, amino acid affecting beta sheet formation, helix capping, or dipole interactions, or a combination thereof, wherein the adiponectin variants exhibit improved stability, solubility or soluble expression, expression yield, the ability to induce phosphorylation of AMPK, or a combination thereof, as compared to the corresponding wild-type adiponectins 
The present disclosure provides humanized COL-1 monoclonal antibodies that retain CEA binding affinity, compared to a parent antibody. 
Also disclosed herein are humanized COL-1 monoclonal antibodies that have reduced immunogenicity, compared to a parent antibody. 
The disclosed humanized COL-1 antibodies include substitution of framework residues with residues from the corresponding positions of a homologous human sequence. 
In several embodiments, methods are disclosed for the use of a cell in a subject. 
Also disclosed is a kit including the humanized COL-1 antibodies described herein 
In some embodiments it is determined if a speed of a Universal Serial Bus cable of greater than 480Mb per second is supported at each end of the Universal Serial Bus cable, the length of the Universal Serial Bus cable is calculated, and the speed of the Universal Serial Bus cable is increased beyond 480Mb per second in response to the determining and the calculating. 
Other embodiments are described and claimed 
The present invention includes ultraviolet curable compositions preferably containing discrete, crystalline zirconia nanoparticles with reactive, or copolymerizable, surface modification, in a polymerizable monomer/oligomer resin mixture. 
It is believed that copolymerizable surface modification provides a functional group that enables the functionalized particle to co-polmerize with the reactive monomers, oligomers, and crosslinkers in the formulation. 
Relative to surface modifation of the nanoparticles, acrylate functionality is preferred over methacrylate functionality. 
On the other hand, methacrylate functionality is preferred over non-reactive, or nonpolymerizable, functionality. 
As the nanocomposite cures, the resultant network is heavily crosslinked by selection of raw materials with substantial acrylate functionality 
In a computer network that includes database mirroring, a first database (206) is located on a first database server (202) and a second database (208) is located on a second database server (204) and, optionally, a witness database server (222) One of the first database (206) or the second database (208) is a live database while the other database is the mirror database A process is initiated for communicating with the first database server (202), the second database server (204), or the witness database server (222), to determine which of the first database or the second database is the live database The location of the live database is determined by reading information from the table entries in system databases (210, 212) on either the first or second database servers, or the optional witness database server (222), and a backup operation is performed wherein the live database is backed up 
In one embodiment, a method for information management comprises monitoring output from an application, wherein the output is monitored substantially continuously; determining if the output is associated with a predetermined type of version; and saving data associated with the output if the output is associated with the predetermined type of version 
Disclosed herein is a system, method and apparatus including a first display screen component (302) configured to provide content in a real image display mode and a second display screen component (202) configured to provide content in a virtual image mode, a proximity sensor (318) and an automatic switching module (704) in communication with the proximity sensor (318) for activating the virtual image display screen component (202) and deactivating the real image display screen component (302) in the event the proximity sensor (318) detects an object such as a user (102) within a predetermined distance to the proximity sensor (318) 
A method and apparatus for estimating the Doppler spread in a mobile communication receiver are invented. 
The method and apparatus acquire a set of Doppler spread fitting data for compensating the Doppler spread on the basis of chip, by fitting a plurality of estimated value of the Doppler spread acquired by segment processing a training sequence extracted from a received signal, and thus overcome the defect of poor dynamic performance of Doppler spread estimation in conventional methods, in which single value estimation of Doppler spread and compensation for Doppler spread on the basis of burst are used 
The turbine parts, when they are used, form oxide layers which by the undesirable rapid growth thereof generate the damage of the parts substrate. 
The inventive method consists in depleting the part (1) in an element in such a way that the oxide layer (28 
The invention relates to a pressure sensor, the measuring cell (10) of which is provided with at least one membrane (11a, 11b) for the protection of the pressure-sensitive element (12) and a measuring chamber (14a, 14b), filled with pressure medium, in which the pressure-sensitive element (12) is housed. 
According to the invention, the membrane (11a, 11b) is monitored for damage, whereby at least one surface wave sensor (15a, 15b, 16a, 16b) is arranged in the chamber filled with pressure medium. 
On damage to the membrane (11a, 11b) occurring, process medium is mixed with the pressure medium. 
A substance change in the sensitive region of the surface wave sensor is thus brought about which results in a differing signal run time. 
Any change in run time is an indictor of damage to the pressure sensor and may be signalled as such 
The invention relates to the use of Y terminal groups, where Y represents CF<SUB>3</SUB>O- or F<SUB>5</SUB>S-, as hydrophobic terminal groups in surface-active compounds. 
The invention also relates to corresponding novel compounds and to a production method for said compounds 
Disclosed is a method for taking and analyzing samples from a microreaction system (3) comprising a suction tube (9) that is located laterally next to a discharge port (4) of the microreaction system (3). 
According to said method, a vacuum is created in the suction tube (9) in order to suck off substances discharged from the discharge port (4) such that the discharged substance flow is divided into a suctioned substance flow and a free-falling substance flow, whereupon one of the two divided substance flows is fed to an analysis apparatus (10) in order to be analyzed. 
The vacuum in the suction tube (9) can be influenced, and the division of the discharged substance flow can thus be controlled or regulated, in accordance with a result of the analysis. 
Furthermore, reaction parameters can be predefined or controlled in accordance with results of analyses. 
A device for carrying out the inventive method comprises a hole of the suction tube (9), which is disposed laterally next to the discharge port (4). 
A vacuum can be created in the suction tube (9) while an analysis apparatus (10) is connected to the suction tube (9) or is arranged below the discharge port (4) 
Disclosed is a lamp module for projectors, in particular for digital cinema and video projectors, comprising a reflector system provided with at least two reflectors wherein a lamp is received.The reflector system is electrically connected to the lamp and supports said lamp such that the reflector system and the lamp can be inserted into the premounted unit in the projector and the mounting thereof is made significantly easier 
A filtration medium is disclosed for use in air filters used in heating, ventilating and air conditioning systems. 
The medium contains at least one nanofiber layer of fibers having diameters less than 1 µm and at least one carrier layer, each nanofiber layer having a basis weight of at least about 2.5 g/m<SUP>2</SUP>, and up to about 25 g/m<SUP>2</SUP>. 
The medium has sufficient stiffness to be formed into a pleated configuration 
A method and system for interference cancellation (IC). 
One aspect relates to traffic interference cancellation. 
Another aspect relates to joint IC for pilot, overhead and data. 
Another aspect relates to improved channel estimation. 
Another aspect relates to adaptation of transmit subchannel gains 
Methods for cleaning silicon surfaces of electrode assemblies by efficiently removing contaminants from the silicon surfaces without discoloring the silicon surfaces using an acidic solution comprising hydrofluoric acid, nitric acid, acetic acid, and balance deionized water 
A circuit element (such as an asperity sensor circuit (11)) as is formed (21) using semiconductor fabrication processing has a high resistance layer formed (22) thereover. 
The high resistance layer is preferably formed using semiconductor fabrication processing. 
The high resistance layer can be comprised of a variety of materials and can assume a wide variety of configurations 
Disclosed is a novel L-lysine-inducible promoter nucleic acid molecule. 
Also disclosed are a vector containing the nucleic acid molecule, a host cell transformed with the vector, and a method of inducing expression of a target gene using the L-lysine-inducible promoter nucleic acid molecule 
The present invention relates to novel quinazoline derivatives effective in lowering blood glucose level and body weight, and a medicine for treatment and/ or prevention of diabetes and/ or obesity, which comprises the compound as an active ingredient 
Disclosed is a roller sled, which comprises a bed 10 whose rear end is inclined upward and which is configured to enable a user's feet to place on its top surface, a steering roller wheel 20 which is mounted at a front end of the bottom surface of the bed 10 and is rotational at a desired angle within the range of 0°to 360°, a flexible support member 30, 40 or 50 whose front end is joined to the bottom surface of the bed 10 which is adjacent to the rear of the steering roller wheel 20 and whose rear end keeps a predetermined distance from the bottom surface of a rear end of the bed 10 up and down and extends to the ground, and a pair of rear roller wheels 60 which is mounted at the rear end of the flexible support member 30, 40 or 50 
A wireless communication base station sharing apparatus for sharing one antenna between a main system and a subsystem is provided. 
In the wireless communication base station sharing apparatus, a first signal combiner/distributor is connected to a transmission/reception signal line of a main system duplexer through a first port, distributes a signal received through the first port to second and third ports, combines the signals received through the second and third ports according to the phases of the signals, and provides the combined signal through the first port or a fourth port. 
A second signal combiner/distributor is connected to a transmission/reception signal line of a subsystem duplexer through a fifth port and the antenna through an eighth port, distributes a signal received through the fifth port to sixth and seventh ports, combines the signals received through the sixth and seventh ports according to the phases of the signals, and provides the combined signal through the fifth or eighth port. 
A first filter is provided in a signal path between the second port of the first signal combiner/distributor and the sixth port of the second signal combiner/distributor. 
A second filter is provided in a signal path between the third port of the first signal combiner/distributor and the seventh port of the second signal combiner/distributor 
The present invention relates to an apparatus and method for transmitting/receiving a message for a multi-group subscriber. 
According to the present invention, in an apparatus having an administrator server that stores group-related information, user-related information and message-related information, and a user computer that has built a client module therein, for exchanging information with the administrator server through a communication network and for writing, registering or displaying the group-related information, the user-related information or a message, a client module installation step, a user registration step, a group generation step, a group member subscription step, a message writing/sending step and a message reception step are included. 
In this case, one user can generate several groups and can subscribe to several groups. 
A user who belongs to a group can exchange a message with not only an individual person, but also the entire members of a group to which the user belongs 
The object of this invention is to provide a rotary pump in which a drive motor (10) is provided such that an output shaft (11) of the drive motor is placed at an offset position, so that a rotational speed of the pump can be changed to a high or low speed. 
Furthermore, rigid balls or needle roller bearings serving as a bearing means (210) are used in each rotor unit (200) such that each eccentric rotary body (220) is in rolling contact with the a circumferential inner surface of each cylindrical housing (230), thus reducing friction between them, thereby ensuring smooth rotation of the rotor units. 
In addition, a space (235), which is defined between each cylindrical housing (230) and each eccentric rotary body (220), prevents a cross-plate (207) from being damaged due to torsional stress and tensile force, thereby ensuring superior durability of the pump 
The present invention relates to an X-ray computed tomography apparatus for acquiring image information from detected data by scanning an object with X-rays, and more particularly, to an X-ray computed tomography apparatus for acquiring a computed tomographic image and a solid surface image capable of providing visual images to a user by acquiring tomographic in¬ formation of an object and surface color information of the object to form tomographic images and three-dimensional images of the object 
The present invention relates to a method of measuring residual stress and, more particularly, to a residual stress measuring method using a continuous indentation tester. 
Due to pile-up and sink-in of a material or a blunted tip, a conventional residual stress measuring method cannot compensate for error of a real contact (indentation) depth or directly remove stress through a thermal or mechanical technique in the conventional method of measuring residual stress of a weldment, so that it is very difficult to estimate a stress-free reference curve or to quantitatively measure residual stress. 
However, the present invention can precisely estimate a stress-free curve of a weldment using an indentation strength ratio (OIT ratio) of a stress-free base metal to the weldment, and compensates for error, occurring in the measurement of a material having a weldment or an anisotropic stress structure, based on the indentation strength ratio, thereby more precisely measuring residual stress. 
Thus, unlike the conventional method, the present method can minimize error occurring in the residual stress measuring process, and agrees with actual models 
A structure of navigation information for video data recorded on a recording medium and recording/reproducing methods and apparatuses using the structure. 
A primary data stream and secondary data streams associated with the primary data stream are recorded on a recording medium and access management information such as TMAP information is created for each of the recorded data streams and recorded thereon, the access management information including type information indicating whether the corresponding data stream is a primary stream or a secondary stream 
Even if a reaction gas flows into the gap between a gasket and a membrane electrode joint body, the reaction gas is prevented from flowing out to an exit without going through an electrode to reduce a power generation efficiency. 
The upstream portion of a cooling fluid flow path (8a) at an anode-side separator (6a) is so provided as to include an area corresponding to a gap (10a) so that the vapor component of a reaction gas flowing into an anode-side gap (10a) formed between an anode-side gasket (9a) and a membrane electrode joint body (5) condenses at at least part of the gap (10a) to close the gap (10a) with condensed water, and the upstream portion is provided so as to include an area corresponding to the mid-stream and subsequent portions of a fuel gas flow path (7a) 
A polarizable electrode member for electrochemical capacitor, comprising a current collector of metal plane foil, an anchor coat layer formed on at least one major surface of the current collector and an electrode layer formed on either the anchor coat layer or the current collector, wherein the anchor coat layer contains conductive carbon and a binder, the conductive carbon being graphitized carbon black, the binder containing at least one member selected from among an ammonium salt of carboxymethylcellulose, a rubber polymer, polytetrafluoroethylene, polyvinyl alcohol, polyvinylpyrrolidone and an isobutylene-maleic anhydride alternating copolymer. 
A thickness reduction can be attained, and the electrode layer can directly formed on the anchor coat layer. 
Satisfactory bonding strength can be ensured between the current collector and the electrode layer to thereby attain an enhancement of energy density and power density leading to realization of low resistance 
There is included a switch (SW) that has a first port (P1) for inputting/outputting unbalance signals of a first frequency band, a second port (P2) for inputting/outputting unbalance signals of a second frequency band, and a third port (P3) common to the unbalance signals of these two frequency bands, and that switches signal paths. 
The port (P1) is connected to an unbalance input/output port (P4) of a first filter (F1) that passes the signals of the first frequency band. 
The port (P2) is connected to a port (P7) of a second filter (F2) that passes the signals of the second frequency band. 
The balance input/output ports of the first filter (F1) are connected to the respective balance input/output ports of the second filter (F2) at respective first and second branch ports (B1,B2) by use of approximately equal electrical lengths. 
An impedance-matching balance coil (BC) is connected between the first and second branch ports 
[PROBLEMS] To provide a rotor section structure in which flux between an inner rotor magnet and a field coil on the outer circumference functions efficiently while keeping the magnetic balance of the inner rotor magnet and a vibration motor in which eccentric weight arrangement position effective in obtaining a vibration force is taken into account. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] The rotor section comprises a plate magnet having a generally rectangular cross-section where both ends of a noneffective flux range part located perpendicularly to the pole direction of a radially anisotropic magnet are cut off equally, and the rotor balance with respect to the central axis of rotation is kept. 
Meanwhile, as an unbalance weight of the rotor section, a weight inertial body made of a nonmagnetic material and placed in one of the spaces of the magnet formed by cutting off equally is eccentrically provided to the rotor section as an extra eccentric weight 
The invention relates to a device for measurement of an object, comprising a measuring platform mounted on gimbals, a distance sensor, at least one imaging system, a moving mirror mounted on the object and a structure mounted on the object, comprising geometrical patterns of lines and adjacent surfaces 
A chassis comprising two or more chassis parts, said parts comprising sets of interconnection means; a closed space formed between said parts; and sealing means for sealingly connecting said parts, where said sealing means comprises light receiving window formed in said chassis, a light-sensitive glue; and a light guide formed within said chassis adapted for passing light from said light receiving window to said light-sensitive glue, said light­sensitive glue being provided between said parts, or between at least one of said parts and said light guide 
The invention relates to a method and a device for melt-spinning and texturing a plurality of threads, and to a method for controlling one such device. 
The plurality of spinning points is divided into a number of spinning stations and the plurality of texturing points is divided into a number of processing groups. 
According to the invention, a processing group that can be controlled independently of adjacent spinning stations and processing groups is associated with each spinning station 
A process for reducing fluorosurfactant content of a stabilized fluorosurfactant-containing aqueous fluoropolymer dispersion comprising contacting the stabilized fluorosurfactant-containing aqueous fluoropolymer dispersion with an anion exchange resin comprising a polymer and quaternary ammonium functional groups to reduce fluorosurfactant content, the functional groups being resistant to degradation which releases trialkylamines. 
The anion exchange resin is separated from the dispersion after the fluorosurfactant content has been reduced 
Electrochemical battery cells, and more particularly, to cells comprising a lithium negative electrode and an iron disulfide positive electrode. 
Before use in the cell, the iron disulfide has an inherent pH, or a mixture of iron disulfide and an pH raising additive compound have a calculated pH, of at least a predetermined minimum pH value. 
In a preferred embodiment, the pH raising additive compound comprises a Group IIA element of the Periodic Table of the Elements, or an acid scavenger or pH control agent such as an organic amine, cycloaliphatic epoxy, amino alcohol or overbased calcium sulfonate. 
In one embodiment, the iron disulfide particles utilized in the cell have a specific reduced average particle size range. 
Methods for preparing cathodes and electrochemical battery cells comprising such cathodes including (a) iron disulfide or (b) a mixture of iron disulfide and the pH raising additive compound, having (a) an inherent pH or (b) a calculated pH greater than or equal to a predetermined minimum value are disclosed 
The invention provides a method for knitting fabric (10) with bare spandex comprising: providing bare spandex yarn (12); providing hard yarn (14); drafting the bare spandex; knitting fabric from the hard yarn and the drafted bare spandex with the hard yarn and the drafted bare spandex plated in every course; and contacting the knit fabric with a continuous phase aqueous solution under conditions of temperature and pressure for a time sufficient to set the bare spandex without heating the knit fabric on a tenter frame above 160°C in air having a relative humidity of less than 50%. 
The invention further provides a bare spandex-containing knit fabric containing spandex in every knit course that has been exposed to manufacturing process temperature no higher than 160°C as shown by molecular weight analysis of the spandex and that exhibits wash shrinkage of less than about 14% 
The present invention relates to a case (2) for packages of contact lenses (14, 16) and comprising a first (4) and a second lid (6). 
The lids are rotatably arranged (R) relative each other by way of a hinge (8) or the similar. 
At least the first lid (4) comprises a guide rail (10), at an edge part (12) of the first lid (4), and intended to act in realisably engagement with one package of a contact lens (14, 16) for retaining one or more contact lens packages. 
The guide rail (10) permits that a package of a contact lens (14, 16) is displaceable in the longitudinal direction (L) of the case. 
A short side (18) of the first lid (4) is formed with an open end part (20). 
A package of a contact lens (14, 16) in the lid (4) is displaceable out through and removable from the open end part (20) 
An ultrasonic diagnosis apparatus having a transmission section for driving a probe for transmitting an ultrasonic wave to a subject; a reception section for receiving, by using the probe, an ultrasonic echo that is obtainable when the ultrasonic wave is reflected by the subject and creating a reception signal; a characteristic value calculation section for obtaining characteristic values of the subject with time; a stability determination section for obtaining the degrees of stability of the characteristic values on a one-by-one basis based on the values obtained with time; and an expression section for expressing the degree of stability 
A method for producing a natural rubber masterbatch having a mixing step of mixing a natural rubber latex and a slurry prepared in advance by dispersing carbon black in water, wherein carbon black is mixed in an amount in the range of 10 to 100 parts by weight relative to 100 parts by weight of the natural rubber component in the natural rubber latex, and wherein, with respect to the carbon black, (1) it has an N<SUB>2</SUB>SA of 120 to 180 m<SUP>2</SUP>/g, (2) the relationship between 24M4DBP and N<SUB>2</SUB>SA is represented by 15 = 24M4DBP - 0.375N<SUB>2</SUB>SA = 38, (3) aggregates of the carbon black have a Dst represented by Dst = 65 nm and have a ratio of ?D50 to Dst (?D50/Dst) satisfying the relationship represented by ?D50/Dst = 0.70; a natural rubber masterbatch produced by the above method; and a natural rubber composition and a tire using said masterbatch. 
The above natural rubber masterbatch can provide a rubber composition for a tread being markedly improved in abrasion resistance, which is especially suitable to a heavy-duty tire for use on a rough road, without detriment to its low heat build-up property 
A vaccine prepared by inactivating the culture of a microorganism which belongs to the genus Streptococcus and produces a substance having a vaccinal effect on fish streptococcemia, for example, Streptococcus dysgalactiae subsp. dysgalactiae (FERM BP-10442). 
This vaccine has an excellent vaccinal effect on novel type streptococcemia in fishes. 
Different from the existing methods using antibiotics, this vaccine enables the prevention and treatment of streptococcemia without any fear of the appearance of a drug tolerant strain 
It is intended to provide a peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor ? (PPAR?) ligand originating in a natural material and a composition for preventing or ameliorating insulin resistance syndrome, diabetes, obesity or obesity of the visceral fat type characterized by containing the ligand as the active ingredient. 
Namely, a PPAR? ligand which contains, as the active ingredient, at least one compound selected from the group consisting of coumaperine and its derivatives; and a composition for preventing or ameliorating insulin resistance syndrome, diabetes, obesity or obesity of the visceral fat type characterized which contains the above compound as the active ingredient 
An SED is formed by arranging a front substrate and a back substrate opposite to each other and sealing the peripheral portions of the substrates against each other. 
The front substrate comprises a plurality of phosphor layers and a metal back (14), and the back substrate comprises a plurality of electron emitters and wiring thereof. 
The metal back (14) is electrically divided into a plurality of island-like regions (14a) and connected to a common electrode (20) which is arranged around the metal back. 
The common electrode (20) has a plurality of electrode films (24) spaced apart from one another in the longitudinal direction, and an annular resistive film (22). 
The annular resistive film (22) is superposed on the electrode films (24) so that the electrode films (24) are electrically connected, and is connected to the peripheral portion of the metal back (14) 
There are included an image data storing means for accumulating image data of JPEG format; an image dividing means for dividing the accumulated JPEG images; and a distributing means for distributing the divided image data to a client. 
The image dividing means decides a title area containing an image area required for display at the client, and extracts coefficient data, which corresponds to the title area, from the image data accumulated in the image data storing means. 
The image dividing means then calculates, as coefficient data to be distributed to the client, the values of AC components of the extracted coefficient data as they are but, as to DC components thereof, a result of addition of the values of the DC components to those in the adjacent, immediately preceding title area. 
The distributing means distributes, as the image data, the coefficient data as calculated to the client 
A back-carrying device that, even at a time when a user sweats heavily, can be comfortably used by vaporizing the sweat. 
The back-carrying device has a spacer (13) for securing a space, through which air flows, between a back-carrying device body and a user's body, an air guide section (14) for holding the spacer (13) and guiding the air to flow in the up-down direction, an outflow opening (16) formed in the upper part of the back-carrying device, an inflow opening (15) provided on a side face of a rucksack body that comes into contact with the user's body and formed in the lower part of the device, an airflow path (12) formed in a flat shape as a whole, a fan (20) for forcibly driving air in the airflow path (12), and a power source section (30) for supplying electric power to the fan. 
The back of the user's body is cooled by causing a large amount air to flow in the airflow path (12) 
Biometrics authentication information on a user A and access authentication information on each user are stored in a memory of an electronic circuit mounted on a disc. 
When a disc is driven, the biometrics authentication information on the user is connected to the biometrics authentication information stored in the electronic circuit. 
When the both information matched, the access authentication information is sent to the network side. 
When the user is judged to be an authorized user according to the received access authentication information, the network side permits connection to a service community of a user terminal. 
The service community decides a responsible concierge responsible for service request from the user terminal and a monitor concierge for monitoring communication information between the user and the responsible concierge. 
When the monitoring information has reached a predetermined condition while monitoring the communication information between the terminal used by the user and the terminal used by the responsible concierge, the service community issues an alarm or forcibly interrupts the communication 
A water supply pipe (10) with a flush control valve V<SUB>1</SUB> is connected to a rim (3) of a toilet body (1) of a hygienic western-style toilet facility that has an ejector for sucking and discharging air from and to a water discharge channel and in which odor and soil water are not supplied to a toilet bowl at the time of flushing. 
A branch pipe (11) is branched from that part of the water supply pipe (10) which is on the upstream side of the cleaning control valve V<SUB>1</SUB>, and the branch pipe (11) is connected to the ejector (20) through a U-shape tube (12) and an ejector water supply valve V<SUB>2</SUB>. 
The water discharge opening of the ejector (20) is connected to a second water discharge channel (7) through piping (13). 
An air suction opening (20a) provided at a throat section of the ejector (20) is connected to one end of a negative pressure transmission channel (21). 
The other end of the negative pressure transmission channel (21) is connected to the upper end (5a) of a rising section of a first water discharge channel (5) 
The invention relates to the use of additived (poly)isocyanate compositions for producing coatings, especially paints or varnishes for car bodywork parts, said compositions having excellent impact-resistant properties, especially grit-resistant properties 
The invention relates to a device (100) for handling the hoods (33) of a cell for producing aluminium by fused bath electrolysis comprising a positioning device (110) and a hood gripping system (160). 
Said positioning device (110) comprises a vertically guiding member (101), a movable support (120) which is mounted on said guiding member (101) in such a way that it is displaceable at least in a vertical direction by using a hinged arm (130), a first sub-frame (140) which is mounted on the hinged arm (130) in such a way that it is pivotable around a first axis of rotation (A) which is substantially horizontal in operation, wherein said hinged arm (130) is at least remotable from and closable to the first sub-frame (140) of the movable support (120), a motor (141) for pivoting the first sub-frame (140) about said first axis of rotation (A), a second sub-frame (150) mounted on the first sub-frame (140) in such a way that it is displaceable along a first pre-determined translation axis (B) which is substantially horizontal in operation and means for moving the second sub-frame (150) along said first translation axis (B). The hood gripping system (160) is fixed to the second sub-frame (150) and comprises a predetermined arrangement of gripping members (161) for catching a predetermined arrangement of hoods (33) at a predetermined number of fixing points. 
Said invention makes it possible to carry out an accurate and automated hood handling 
The invention relates to a method for increasing the hydrophobicity of an external punched coating (3) for a chemical and/or biological analysis device (1) such as a biochip, wherein said device comprises a substrate (2) and a coating which covers said substrate by encompassing a plurality of cuvettes (4) used for fixing chemical and/or biological reagents in order to form analysis sites. 
Methods for producing the inventive analysis device are also disclosed. 
The inventive method for increasing the hydrophobicity of said external coating (3) consists in treating said coating by means of an organic plasma selected from a group consisting of fluorocarbon plasmas and siloxane group plasmas for depositing a hydrophobe film (7) on said coating in such a way that the volume of said reagent located around said film is optimised for each cuvette 
The invention relates to a system for multicast broadcasting towards an IP network mobile system. 
Upon connection of the mobile router (MRx) and transmission (A) of a signalling to the site of origin (S1), said method consists in discriminating (B) the location of a mobile router (RMx) with regard to the respective site of the organization of origin; transmitting to an infinity of locations (LI); then for each access request (C) of a mobile terminal (Tx), local multicast broadcasting (AD(GR)); substituting (D, F, G) the access request, if the location information (LI) designates a connection of (MRx) outside the respective site thereof coming from the organization of origin, with a request for access to extended multicast broadcasting; transmitting (H) the request for access to extended multicast broadcasting; receiving and transforming, at (MRx) level, the extended multicast broadcast into local transformed multicast broadcast (MF(GR)) and transmitting the locally transformed multicast broadcast on the IP mobile network to the requesting user terminal (Tx). 
Application: management of corporate mobile IP networks 
A device (l) for containing and dispensing two-component products, particularly vaginal or rectal washes, comprising: a container (2) of a first component (A), closure means (5) which can slide axially, with the neck and rigidly support a tubular element (6), means (7) for providing a seal with at least one portion (8) of the walls of the neck, a tubular dispenser (12), and means (13) for locking temporarily the sliding of the closure means; the volume delimited by the internal surface of the neck, by the closure means, by the outer lateral surface of the tubular element and by the sealing means forming a tank (S) for a second component (B), and the closure means (5) being able to slide between a first configuration, and a second configuration, opening the tank in order to pour the second component (B) into the container (2). 
The present invention relates to a method for increasing the storage carbohydrate content of sugarcane plants 
The invention relates to novel 7-amino-6-hetaryl-1,2,4-triazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidine compounds and the salts thereof that can be used in agriculture, the use of the same for controlling pathogenic fungi, and plant protection agents containing at least one such compound as an active constituent. 
Said novel 7-amino-6-hetaryl-1,2,4-triazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidine compounds correspond to general formula (I) wherein the substituents R<SUP>1</SUP>, R<SUP>2</SUP>, Het, X and Y have the following designations: Het represents a six-membered heteroaromatic radical selected from pyridinyl, pyridazinyl, pyrazinyl, 1,2,4-triazinyl and 1,3,5-triazinyl, the six-membered heteroaromatic radical comprising 1, 2 or 3 substituents L which are the same or different, R<SUP>1</SUP>, R<SUP>2</SUP> independently represent hydrogen, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>8</SUB> alkyl, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>8</SUB> halogenalkyl, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>8</SUB> alkoxy, C<SUB>3</SUB>-C<SUB>8</SUB> cycloalkyl, C<SUB>3</SUB>-C<SUB>8</SUB> cycloalkoxy, C<SUB>5</SUB>-C<SUB>10</SUB> bicycloalkyl, C<SUB>3</SUB>-C<SUB>8</SUB> halogencycloalkyl, C<SUB>2</SUB>-C<SUB>8</SUB> alkenyl, C<SUB>2</SUB>-C<SUB>8</SUB> alkenyloxy, C<SUB>4</SUB>-C<SUB>10</SUB> alkadienyl, C<SUB>2</SUB>-C<SUB>8</SUB> halogenalkenyl, C<SUB>3</SUB>-C<SUB>8</SUB> cycloalkenyl, C<SUB>3</SUB>-C<SUB>8</SUB> halogencycloalkenyl, C<SUB>2</SUB>-C<SUB>8</SUB> alkinyl, C<SUB>2</SUB>-C<SUB>8</SUB> alkinyloxy, C<SUB>2</SUB>-C<SUB>8</SUB> halogenalkinyl, NH<SUB>2, </SUB>C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>8</SUB> alkylamino, Di-C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>8</SUB>-alkylamino, phenyl, naphthyl, or a five-membered or six-membered saturated, partially unsaturated or aromatic heterocycle, X represents hydrogen, halogen, OH, cyano, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB> alkyl and the like, and Y represents hydrogen, halogen, cyano, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB> alkyl, and the like 
A method of embedding information in a computer program code, including a plurality of program statements. 
The method comprises: parsing the computer program code to identify at least one program statement that includes a first mathematical expression, wherein said first mathematical expression includes at least a first algebraic expression adapted to produce at least one numeric result; generating a modified mathematical expression by performing a predetermined transformation of the first mathematical expression, wherein the modified mathematical expression includes a transformed algebraic expression instead of the first algebraic expression, such that the modified mathematical expression is adapted to produce the same result as the first mathematical expression, and wherein the modified mathematical expression is indicative of at least a part of said information; replacing said first mathematical expression in the identified program statement by the modified mathematical expression 
Disclosed is an HNBR-based toothed rubber belt (10) with a glass cord reinforcement (5). 
Said toothed belt (10) comprises a modified tooth support (6) made of polyamide 6.6 fabric in which the weft threads (64) are entirely or partly replaced in the peripheral/longitudinal direction of the belt by yarns made of polyether ether ketone (PEEK), polyimide (PI), and/or meta-aramid or modified with the aid of PEEK, PI, and/or meta-aramid 
A radially compressed xerogel spinal nucleus implant (3) is manufactured and utilized for implantation into an intervertebral disc space. 
The implant has an optimized cross-sectional ellipsoid configuration which facilitates insertion of the implant through a minimal incision in the annulus. 
Radial compression is achieved by exerting substantially equilateral circumferential compression on an object contained within a radially collapsible member (1) for exerting substantially equilateral circumferential compression on the object. Radial compression may also be achieved by exerting substantially equilateral circumferential compression force on a spinal nucleus implant via gas pressure in a sealed chamber 
Isolated polynucleotides and polypeptides encoded thereby are described, together with the use of those products for making transgenic plants with increased tolerance to abiotic stress (e.g., high or low temperature, drought, flood) 
Systems and methods consistent with the present invention enable explicit and multilateral trust across a community of federated servers via a network. 
A trusted third party establishes a framework of policies and procedures governing a federation. 
Organizations joining the federation submit to an audit process of internal policies and procedures to ensure compliance with the policies and procedures of the federation. 
Upon successful completion of an audit, an organization may receive a digital certificate containing the digital public key of the organization and indicating approval of the trusted third party. 
The organization may then use the associated digital private key for signing security assertions associated with a request for resources from another federation service provider. 
The service provider may trust the assertion from the organization based on trust placed in trusted third party by the service provider and the trust placed in the organization by the trusted third party 
A catheter device including an elongate catheter shaft comprising a multifilar cable tubing having a proximal portion and a distal portion. 
At least a part of the distal portion is more flexible than the proximal portion 
A minimally invasive medical device, including an elongate shaft that has a helical color pattern of at least an alternating first color band having a first width and second color band having a second width. 
Along a surface parallel to a central longitudinal axis of the shaft, a length interval between each of a plurality of occurrences of the first color band is sufficiently uniform to allow use for measurement 
A protective article formed of a laminate between at least a layer of a liquid-impermeable, vapor-permeable barrier, and at least a layer of a stretchable or elastomeric, nonwoven fiber web is described. 
The barrier is reinforced at least on one side by the nonwoven fiber web, which remains elastic after being bonded to the barrier layer. 
The elasticity of both barrier and bonded fiber layers simulate the flexibility of natural or synthetic latex or other polymer films. 
The nonwoven fiber web includes at least about 75 % of individual fibers with a length of over about 1 mm, and the fibers are substantially continuous. 
A second nonwoven web, a second barrier layer, or both may be attached to the exterior side of the breathable barrier. 
An elastomeric material coating, such as either a nature or synthetic latex or other polymers, may be applied over at least a portion of the article to provide for additional protection 
A method and apparatus for the production of nonwovens. 
The nonwovens including a spunbonding apparatus for forming a first web of nonwoven material on a first belt, and a meltblowing apparatus for forming a second web of nonwoven material on a second belt. 
The second belt moves in a direction opposite the first belt and after formation, the second web is deposited on said first web to form a composite spunbond and meltblown web 
A method and apparatus are provided for implementing automatic display of assistance information in a data collection computer system. 
A predefined port is monitored to detect the connection of a meter. 
When a meter connection is identified and the meter is not communicating properly, assistance information is automatically displayed for the user. 
A switch is provided for electromechanically detecting when an attempt is being made to connect a meter of a user selected type to a serial port of the data collection computer system. 
Then help information is automatically displayed when an error is detected 
A thermoplastic polymer comprising a blend of a first fluorochemical ester composition of the formula (I), wherein A is the residue of a polyol, polyacid or mixed hydroxy acid, optionally having one or more unreacted hydroxyl or carboxyl functional groups, having 3 to 12, preferably 3 to 6 carbon atoms, R<SUB>h</SUB> is an alkyl group of 12 to 72 carbon atoms, R<SUB>f</SUB> is a fluoroalkyl group or 3 to 12 carbon atoms, Q is a divalent linking group, each (CO<SUB>2</SUB>) group is non-directional, and m and n are each at least 1; and a second fluorochemical ester composition of formula (II), wherein R<SUB>f</SUB> is F(CF<SUB>2</SUB>)<SUB>x</SUB>-SO<SUB>2</SUB>N(R<SUB>2</SUB>)-R<SUB>3</SUB> wherein x is a positive integer from about 4 to about 20, R<SUB>2</SUB> is an alkyl radical of from 1 to about 4 carbon atoms, and R<SUB>3</SUB> is an alkylene radical of from 1 to about 12 carbon atoms; and R<SUB>1</SUB> is an aliphatic linear hydrocarbon having an average of from 12 to 66 carbon atoms 
The present invention relates to a shampoo composition comprising a minced polygalactomannan hydrocolloid(s) in combination with a water soluble silicone compound 
A three-dimensional hydraulically entangled nonwoven composite structure made of nonwoven fibrous web and a fibrous material integrated in the nonwoven fibrous web by hydraulic entanglement is disclosed. 
The nonwoven composite structure has a greater ability to maintain an embossed pattern when wet and has the ability for the structure to recover after it has been compressed, to a greater degree than previously found. 
Also disclosed is a method of making an embossed hydraulically entangled nonwoven composite fabric 
Methods and apparatus provide for transferring data to and from one or more processors of a multi-processor system over a first bus at a first frequency; transferring data to and from one or more interface circuits over a second bus at a second frequency; and isolating the first and second busses by transferring data between the first and second busses at the respective first and second frequencies with the help of an asynchronous boundary circuit 
It is possible to perform analysis for a target narrowed down to an access environment unique to a communication terminal. 
A communication terminal (3) reads a recording medium (4) containing route information in a non-contact state. 
When the communication terminal (3) accesses a predetermined target address via a log management address according tot he route information, a predetermined log management server (6) accumulates terminal identification information for identifying the communication terminal (3) and the route information owned by the communication terminal (3). 
Thus, it is possible to perform various analyses by narrowing the target down to the communication terminal 
An exposure method wherein a fine pattern of approximately a wavelength of illuminating light or finer can be formed at a low cost. 
The exposure method is provided for exposing the pattern on a photosensitive substrate (W) by the illuminating light from a light source (1). 
The exposure method includes a process of irradiating a first diffraction grating formed on a light transmitting flat plate (P1) with the illuminating light from the light source (1); a process of irradiating a second diffraction grating formed on the light transmitting flat plate (P2) arranged to face the first diffraction grating with diffracted light generated by the first diffraction grating; and a process of irradiating the substrate (W) with the diffracted light generated by the second diffraction grating. 
As the first diffraction grating and the second diffraction grating, diffraction gratings having two-dimensional period are used 
Disclosed is a plasma processing apparatus (100) comprising a plasma-generating means, a processing vessel defining the processing chamber for performing a plasma process on an object substrate, a substrate stage arranged within the processing vessel on which the object substrate is placed, and an exhausting means for reducing the pressure in the processing vessel. 
In this plasma processing apparatus (100), a wall (27a) of a support part (27) for supporting a microwave-transmitting plate (28) is at a high electron temperature exceeding at least 1.5 eV when a plasma is generated. 
A covering portion (60) composed of a heat-resistant insulating material such as quartz is so formed as to cover the wall (27a) 
A fuel injection control device for an internal combustion engine, in which a misfire in engine starting is suppressed to make time from the initiation of engine starting to the completion of the starting more appropriate. 
The fuel injection control device is a device for a compression-ignition-type internal combustion engine having plural cylinders, and the device has a fuel injection valve provided for each cylinder and injecting fuel into inside each cylinder; a combustion condition detection means for estimating or detecting combustion conditions of each cylinder; and a fuel injection timing setting means for changing fuel injection timing of a cylinder that the combustion condition detection means has estimated or detected it misfiring to first fuel injection timing. 
That is, fuel injection timing is changed on a cylinder-by-cylinder basis 
There is to provide is an agent for reduction of a lipid rich plaque, stabilization of a lipid rich plaque and/or prevention of rupture of a lipid rich plaque in an atherosclerotic lesion comprising an effective amount of 2-[4-[2-(benzimidazole-2-ylthio)ethyl]piperazin-1-yl]-N-[2,4-bis(methylthio)-6-methyl-3-pyridyl]acetamide (hereinafter, referred to as compound 1), its pharmaceutically acceptable salt or a hydrate thereof and Pitavastatin, and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier, wherein the agent is intended to be simultaneously administered, or separately administered with interval of time to a patient in need thereof. 
There is also to provide a method for reduction of a lipid rich plaque, stabilization of a lipid rich plaque and/or prevention of rupture of a lipid rich plaque in an atherosclerotic lesion, comprising simultaneously administering, or separately administering with interval of time an effective amount of the compound 1, its pharmaceutically acceptable salt or a hydrate thereof and an effective amount of Pitavastatin to a patient in need thereof 
There is provided a display control substrate having a thin film transistor (TFT) for each of pixel units arranged two-dimensionally. 
There are also provided a manufacturing method of the display control substrate and a liquid crystal display panel using the display control substrate. 
In the case of inverse stagger type TFT, a gate electrode wiring (11), a Cs wiring (12), and a source electrode wiring (13) are simultaneously formed and gate insulation films (14a, 14b) and semiconductor islands (15a, 15c) are formed. 
After this, an inter-layer insulation film (16) is layered. 
Contact holes (16a, 16b, 16c) are formed in the inter-layer insulation film (16). 
After this, when a pixel electrode (17) is formed, a coupling portion (17b) for coupling a cut-off portion (13b) of the source electrode wiring via the contact hole (16b) is formed. 
By this coupling portion (17b), the source electrode wiring (13) is coupled with the source region of the semiconductor island (15a). 
This invention reduces the number of necessary masks, reduces the lead time, improves the yield, and reduces the manufacturing cost of the TFT substrate 
There is provided an apparatus comprising a metal mold condition collecting unit for collection of metal mold configuration with respect to metal mold (10) defining cavity (18), heating conditions for heating of the metal mold (10) and cooling conditions for cooling of the metal mold (10); metal mold simulation unit (3) for computing of a cavity surface temperature with respect to the surface of cavity (18) on the basis of metal mold configuration, heating conditions and cooling conditions; a resin condition collecting unit for collection of the properties of resin (31); and resin simulation unit (5) for computing the behavior of resin (31) upon injection of the resin (31) in the cavity (18) on the basis of properties and cavity surface temperature and for computing the aspect of item molded from the resin (31) having been injected in the cavity (18) on the basis of the behavior of the resin (31). 
This injection molding simulation apparatus and relevant method of injection molding simulation would realize accurate simulation of the aspect of molded item obtained by cooling of the resin (31) having been injected in heated metal mold (10) 
A security system (10) for securing a set of keys (20) comprises a housing (12) having an external aperture (14) for receiving a security tag (26) which is attached to the keys, the aperture being associated with a locking mechanism which is operable by a keypad (16) to secure the security tag in or release the tag from the aperture. 
A sensor monitors the presence of the security tag in the aperture, and an alarm is activated if the security tag is removed from the housing without releasing the locking mechanism. 
The security system eases the location of the keys in an emergency 
In order to efficiently prevent the save-and-restore attack on usage rights associated with digital work, these usage rights are protected by a hidden channel. 
In order to make it a difficult or expensive to manipulate the hidden channel, a device is proposed comprising: writing means (34) for writing on a record carrier (20) said digital work (DW) and attached usage right information (22) defining one or more conditions to be satisfied in order for the usage right to be exercised, - fingerprint extraction means (23) for deriving fingerprint data (24) from physically uncontrollable, changeable non-uniformities on said record carrier (20) , and authentication means (25) for generating authentication data (26) from said fingerprint data (24) and said usage right information (22) , said authentication data being provided for authenticating said usage right information, said writing means (34) being adapted for writing said authentication data (25) on said record carrier (20) 
An array of reed switches (13) is assembled on a circuit board (11) having a plurality of through-apertures (12) with one reed switch (13) disposed in each aperture with the axis of the switch envelope (14) extending perpendicularly to the plane of the board. 
A plurality of coils (16) is provided on the board so that each switch (13) is surrounded by a respective coil, the coils being connected to conductors on the board for operation of the switches. 
Also disposed is a control circuit wherein the reed switch drive coils (26) are connected in series across a constant-current voltage source and a respective solid-state switch TR1, TR2... connected across each coil, with drivers for each solid-state switch to permit operation of a selected reed switch 
A method of testing comprises irradiating a sample, receiving a response signal and analysing the response signal by combining a plurality of resonance parameters as a function of a variable environmental parameter 
A device for measuring the position of a first body relative to a second body comprising: a first body which further comprises an electrical intermediate device; a second body which further comprises at least two inductors energised with an alternating current and at least one of which is formed by a planar spiral winding on a printed circuit board normal to the measurement axis and attached to the second body; arranged such that displacement of the electrical intermediate device causes a change in inductance of the planar spiral winding and whereby measurement of the ratio of the inductances indicates the position of the first body relative to the second 
The invention concerns a combustion method for industrial furnace comprising an arrangement of two substantially parallel and symmetrical burner assemblies (G, D). 
Each burner assembly comprises a fuel injector (10<SUB>G</SUB>, 10<SUB>D</SUB>) and three oxidant injectors (1<SUB>G</SUB>, 2<SUB>G</SUB>, 3<SUB>G</SUB>, 1<SUB>D</SUB>, 2<SUB>D</SUB>, 3<SUB>D</SUB>) arranged at increasing distances from the fuel injector. 
An oxidant supply system cyclically distributes a specific flow of oxidant among some at least of the second and third injectors of the burner assemblies (2<SUB>G</SUB>, 3<SUB>G</SUB>, 2<SUB>D</SUB>, 3<SUB>D</SUB>). 
The amount of nitrogen monoxide produced upon combustion is thus reduced, while ensuring a good distribution of the heating power in the furnace 
The invention relates to a continuous method for producing (N-organylaminoorganyl)triorganylsilanes and (N,N-diorganylaminoorganyl)triorganylsilanes from corresponding (triorganylsilylorganyl)halogenides and N-organylamines or N,N-diorganylamines 
The invention relates to a system and a method for providing a mobile transaction, such as a payment, the system including: a first means at a point of sale for entering transaction data and customer data and having a unique ID associated therewith; and a mobile transaction platform connected via a first link to the first means, the mobile transaction platform being adapted to receive the transaction data, the customer data and the unique ID, and to route the transaction data, the customer data and the unique ID to a payment provider for obtaining authorization for an electronic fund transfer at the point of sale, the mobile transaction platform being further adapted to provide the authorization information of the payment provider via a second link, which is distinct from the first link, to a mobile device of the customer, wherein the authorization information is in form of a machine readable visual symbol, the first means being adapted to read and decode the visual symbol from the mobile device and to send the decoded visual symbol via the first link to the mobile transaction platform for finalizing the transaction 
In a computer programme source code, generated in a matrix-oriented programming language, source code sections are identified and localised by syntax analysis and pattern comparison which are selected with regard to the application and target computer system for which the computer programme source code must be translated. 
An optimised target code is generated based thereon 
An analyte for atomic spectrometry detection is prepared by introducing an aerosol of the analyte into a chamber, and irradiating the aerosol with ultraviolet light in the presence of a low molecular weight organic acid or other suitable photoactivatable ligand donor species to create vapor containing the analyte. 
The vapor containing the analyte is extracted from the chamber and used for atomic spectrometry detection 
Oral phototherapy applicators are disclosed that are sized and shaped so as to fit at least partially in a user's mouth with a plurality of bristles of elongate shape coupled to an apparatus body. 
The applicators can be adapted to brush the user's teeth and further include at least one radiation emitter coupled to the body to provide phototherapeutic radiation to a portion of the oral cavity other than tissue in contact with the bristles. 
In one embodiment, the applicator include a heat transfer element, such as, for example a fluid pump 
A laser beam switching system (50) employs a laser (52) coupled to a beam switching device (58) that causes a laser beam to switch between first and second beam positioning heads such that while the first beam positioning head (60) is directing the laser beam to process a workpiece target location, the second beam positioning head (62) is moving to another target location and vice versa. 
A preferred beam switching device includes first and second AOMs. 
When RF is applied to the first AOM (72), the laser beam is diffracted toward the first beam positioning head, and when RF is applied to the second AOM (74), the laser beam is diffracted toward the second beam positioning head. 
A workpiece processing system (120) employs a common modular imaged optics assembly (122) and an optional variable beam expander (94) for optically processing multiple laser beams 
An orthopaedic reamer including an at least partially hemispherical cutting head which is rotatable about a primary axis and at least one deployable wing connected to the cutting head. 
Each of the deployable wings are pivotable about a corresponding secondary axis. 
At least one corresponding secondary axis is in the same plane as the primary axis 
A protective envelope (15) for a chip card (11) wherein a fabric sheath (17) with a top flap (27) allows entry of the chip card. 
An inner Faraday cage (19), nested within the fabric sheath, made of wire mesh or thin foil prevents electromagnetic fields from penetrating the sheath once the top flap is closed on the sheath body 
A high-pressure cam driven open discharge pump system is provided, wherein a high-pressure output at a relatively constant pressure is formed. 
The pump system includes a plurality of pressurizing subassemblies, each subassembly including a cam follower retained by a cam follower support guided by guide bearings to induce linear motion of a connected piston rod. 
The piston rod is slidably received within a removable high-pressure cylinder assembly which retains a high pressure cylinder 
This invention relates to a glove pattern design having back finger portions including two folds or tucks on each finger excluding the thumb. 
This pattern enables the glove to have a more natural finger curvature which is more comfortable to the wearer than the single fold or tuck pattern of the prior art. 
Furthermore, the tucks are formed differently from the prior art, by making V-shaped cuts into both opposing sides of the back finger parts where the tucks will be located. 
The tucks are secured by stitching where the V-shaped cuts are made, preferably along the length of the tuck from end to end. 
This additional step which is also novel in the prior art enables the tuck to be created in the glove at an angle that corresponds to the more natural curvature of the fingers in a relaxed position. 
This curving of the fingers provides the articulation necessary to have the glove conform to the natural position of the hand 
A method and composition for blood lipid therapy by administering to the subject an effective amount of a dyslipidemic agent and omega-3 fatty acids. 
The method utilizes a single administration or a unit dosage of a combination of dyslipidemic agent and omega-3 fatty acids for the treatment of patients with hypertriglyceridemia, hypercholesterolemia, mixed dyslipidemia, coronary heart disease (CHD), vascular disease, artherosclerotic disease and related conditions, and the prevention or reduction of cardiovascular and vascular events 
An unlimited number of sets may be persisted and interrelated, while each element of each set has an unlimited collection of properties or attributes, and each element of each set may also have an unlimited collection of transactions which themselves may have an unlimited collection of properties or attributes, by using three types of tables, control data tables, authentication data tables, and data tables, and providing a clear separation between them. 
Control data tables may define the schema and behavior, authentication data tables may be utilized in access control and security, and data tables may comprise the content of the databases. 
A hand tool (10) that provides an alarm signal to a user as the tool approaches a live electrical wire is disclosed. 
The hand tool (10) comprises a tool head coupled to a handle. 
A non-contact voltage sensing circuit including an antenna is provided in the handle of the tool (10). 
As the tool (10) approaches a live electrical wire, the non-contact voltage sensing circuit detects the voltage, triggering an alarm circuit that provides a visual or audio signal to the user 
An RF cavity resonator (400) that includes: a resonator chamber (410) for containing an RF field; an RF coupling element (450, 452) coupled to the resonator chamber for introducing the RF field into and extracting the RF field from the resonator chamber; a tuning assembly (420) for causing the RF field to resonate at a desired frequency, wherein at least a portion of the tuning assembly is coupled within the resonator chamber; and a heat transport element (440) for transporting heat from the RF cavity resonator, wherein at least a portion of the heat transport element is coupled within the resonator chamber, the heat transport element including a phase change material, a housing for enclosing the phase change material, means for circulating the phase change material within the housing, and an electrically conductive surface for isolating the phase change material from the RF field 
Apparatus for detecting the direction of light, arriving essentially collimated, the apparatus including at least one pair of masks, at least one aperture, a respective pair of detectors for each pair of masks, and a respective summator for each respective pair of detectors, each pair of masks including a mask and a complementary mask, each detector, of the respective pair of detectors, including at least one sensor, the aperture being located in front of the pair of masks, one detector, of the respective pair of detectors, being optically coupled with the mask of the respective pair of masks, the other detector, of the respective pair of detectors, being optically coupled with the complementary mask of the respective pair of masks, the summator being electrically coupled with the respective pair of detectors, wherein the mask is optically encoded and the complementary mask is complementarily optically encoded with respect to the mask, the aperture distributing light differently on the pair of masks for light impinging on the apparatus from different directions, wherein the respective pair of detectors detects light received from the respective pair of masks, and wherein the summator subtracts a signal received from one detector, of the respective pair of detectors, from a signal received from the other detector, of the respective pair of detectors, thereby producing a respective subtraction result 
Heart defibrillator comprising a high-voltage power supply, a storage capacitor, and at least two electrodes, and at least one contactless biometric sensor. 
Since the biometric sensor does not need to be in contact with the skin of the patient, it maintains its sensing capabilities even through any regular clothing between the sensor and the body of which one or several biometric signal are to be measured. 
Therefore, an initial assessment of the health state of a patient can be quickly obtained. 
The high- voltage power supply, the storage capacitor and the at least two electrodes are used for producing an electrical pulse and applying said pulse to a patient 
The invention relates to a process for the preparation of particles (73) suitable for use as supports for solid supported chemical reactions. 
The use of a metal-containing sacrificial layer to liberate the photolithographically-produced particles (73) results in their having superior utility in multi-step reaction sequences. 
The particles may comprise a predetermined diffraction pattern identifier. 
A method for reading such an encoding is also disclosed 
The invention concerns a method for melting a composition of raw materials including introducing the composition in an oven to form a layer (2) at the surface of the molten pool (4). 
An oxycombustion burner (10) is arranged above the pool and directed towards the composition layer (2) to produce a melting front (3). 
Parameters of the burner are adjusted to produce a large covering flame (12) causing an essentially radiation-based thermal transfer. 
Additionally, a plane containing a longitudinal section of the flame (Z-Z) and a horizontal direction perpendicular to the axis of the oven (X-X) intersects the melting front (3) at a height (h) included ranging between one third and half of the thickness of the composition (e). 
Such a method provides for a stable operation of the oven and is particularly adapted to a large-capacity oven 
A method, a system, an apparatus, and a computer program product are presented for improving a register name identifier profile within a federated computing environment such that the register name identifier profile is enhanced to be more securely binding between two federated entities within the federated computing environment, such as an identity provider and a service provider. 
After the first federated entity sends a register name identifier request for a principal to the second federated entity, the second federated entity performs an authentication operation for the principal. 
In response to successfully completing the authentication operation, the second federated entity registers or modifies a name identifier for the principal that has been extracted from the received register name identifier request 
The invention relates to a method for producing butadiene from n-butane comprising the following steps: A) a feed gas stream (a) which contains an n-butane is prepared; B) the feed gas stream (a) containing the n-butane is introduced into at least one first dehydrogenation zone and the said n-butane in dehydrogenated in a non-oxidative, catalytic manner, whereby a gas flow (b) containing n-butane, 1-butene, 2-butene, butadiene, hydrogen, optionally carbon dioxide and optionally water vapour is contained; C) the gas flow (b) and a gas containing oxygen is fed into at least one second dehydrogenation zone and the 1-butene and 2-butene is oxidatively dehydrogenated, whereby a gas flow (c) containing n-butane, butadiene, hydrogen, carbon dioxide and water vapour is obtained; D) compression is carried out in at least one first compression step and the gas flow is cooled (c), whereby at least one condensate flow (d1) which contains water and a gas flow (d2) containing n-butane, butadiene, hydrogen, carbon dioxide and water vapour is obtained, E) the gas flow (d2) is separated by means of extractive distillation in a product flow (e1) which is made of, essentially butadiene and a flow (e2) containing n-butane, hydrogen, carbon dioxide and water vapour (e2), F) compression is carried out in at least one additional compression step and the gas flow (e2) is cooled, whereby at least one condensate flow (f1) which contains n-butane and water and a gas flow (f2) containing n-butane, hydrogen and carbon dioxide is obtained, G) the gas flow (f2) is cooled, whereby the condensate flow (g1) containing n-butane and a waste gas flow (g2) containing carbon dioxide and hydrogen are obtained, H) water is separated from the at least one condensate flow (f1) and, optionally, the condensate flow (g1) by phase separation, whereby at least the return flow (h1) containing n-butane and at least one waste water flow (h2) are obtained, and g the at least one return flow (h1) is returned in the first dehydrogenation zone 
The invention relates to a floor cleaning device (10) comprising a housing (11) which is provided with a cleaning opening (39) which is arranged on the lower side thereof and a rotationally driven cleaning roller (15) which is rotationally mounted in an adjacent manner in the housing (11) of the cleaning opening (39). 
One first end of the cleaning roller (15) is rotationally mounted on an end shield (42) which is maintained in a detachable manner on or in the housing (11). 
The aim of the invention is to further develop said floor cleaning device (10) such that the cleaning roller (15) can be exchanged in a simple manner. The floor cleaning device (10) is economical to produce and insensitive to interference. 
According to the invention, the end shield (42) can be received together with the cleaning roller (15) via the cleaning opening (39) of the housing (11) and can be guided into the housing (11) 
The invention relates to a flat seal comprising at least one through opening (10) and at least three sheet-metal layers (16e, 18e, 20e) which are arranged on top of each other, from which at least two of said sheet-metal layers comprise, respectively, at least one sealing bead (22e, 24e, 26e) which surrounds the through opening. A shaping defining device (42e) is provided for said sealing beads. 
In order to simplify the construction of said type of flat seal, the at least three sheet metal layers are provided with sealing beads. 
The number of shaping defining devices (42e) and/or stoppers which are used as a forming protection for the sealing beads is reduced such that an individual stopper (40e) is provided for two directly adjacent sheet-metal layers (16e, 18e 20e) which are provided with sealing beads (22e, 24e, 26e), said stopper being arranged on the outside of the pairs of sheets which are formed by said sheet-metal layers, and that first sheet-metal layer of said pairs of sheets which is directly adjacent to said stopper is provided in the vicinity of the sealing bead in the region of the stopper comprising a projection (34', 36') which is formed, in particular, as a gap in the sheet-metal layer and projects in the direction of the other second sheet-metal layer of the pairs of layers and which is protected by the stopper. 
The projection acts as a stopper for protecting the sealing bead of the second sheet-metal layer (18e) of the pair of layers 
A method of handling a first plurality of pre-filled syringes each comprising a tubular body defining a first and an opposite second end. 
The first and the second end are open ends and the tubular body defines a chamber wherein a substance is stored, the first end sealed with a plug, the second end adapted to establish fluid communication to a hypodermic needle. 
At least one flange extends from the tubular body, the first plurality of syringes being held in the at least one extending flange so that each of the syringes are in a substantially vertical orientation. 
The method further comprises providing an assembly defining an inlet and an outlet, the first plurality of syringes provided at the inlet, and providing a tray comprising a second plurality of recesses for receiving the first plurality of syringes. 
Still further the method comprises transferring the first plurality of syringes from the inlet into the tray in a substantially horizontal orientation, and the tray being transferred into a frame positioned at or near the outlet 
The use of 2-phenyl-2-alkene nitriles as fragrance ingredients and fragrance applications comprising them. 
These fragrance applications can be e.g perfumes, household products, laundry products, body care products and cosmetics 
The invention relates to a master breaker device for back-up protection against electric shock in earthed user units (TT-System according to IEC 60364), comprising a housing (1) with connector clamps for the mains lines, preferably made up of two thermally-separated functional chambers in which a contactor (2), for interruption of the external lines L1, L2 and L3 and (4) for interruption of the neutral line N with a corresponding switch escapement (3), a summation current transformer (5), an electronic storage and/or amplifier circuit (6) which is preferably independent of mains-voltage and an electromechanical relay or thyristor are housed. The electronic circuit is connected to the secondary winding of the summation current transformer (5) and, when the residual current exceeds a given value, operates a working current breaker (8) by means of the electromechanical relay or the thyristor independent of the mains voltage, which releases the switch escapement and hence brings about the opening of the contact gear. 
The electronic storage and/or amplifier circuit is so designed that, independent of the size of the residual current the trigger time for the master breaker device is always larger than 0.2 s and, for residual currents greater than ten times the value of the specified residual current, the total switch-off time is always less than 0.5 s 
The present invention relates to certain pyrazole derivatives of Formula (Ia) and pharmaceutical compositions thereof that modulate the activity of the 5-HT2A serotonin receptor. 
Compounds and pharmaceutical compositions thereof are directed to methods useful in the treatment of platelet aggregation, coronary artery disease, myocardial infarction, transient ischemic attack, angina, stroke, atrial fibrillation, reducing the risk of blood clot formation, asthma or symptoms thereof, agitation or a symptom, behavioral disorders, drug induced psychosis, excitative psychosis, Gilles de la Tourette's syndrome, manic disorder, organic or NOS psychosis, psychotic disorder, psychosis, acute schizophrenia, chronic schizophrenia, NOS schizophrenia and related disorders, sleep disorders, diabetic-related disorders, progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy and the like. 
The present invention also relates to the methods for the treatment of 5-HT2A serotonin receptor mediated disorders in combination with other pharmaceutical agents administered separately or together 
Methods of treating, preventing and/or managing an immunodeficiency disease or disorder are disclosed. 
Specific methods encompass the administration of an immunomodulatory compound alone or in combination with a second active agent. 
Methods of boosting humoral immunity are also disclosed 
The invention relates to a receiver sheet for electrophotography comprising a base material having thereon at least one toner receiver layer comprising a mixture of polyolefin and at least one member selected from the group consisting of polyolefin copolymers, amide containing polymers, and ester containing polymers, wherein a measured T <SUB>g</SUB 
The invention relates to an image receiving element comprising in order a support, at least one polyolefin resin coating and at least one toner receiver layer, wherein said toner receiver layer comprises a fuser-oil sorbent additive and a thermoplastic polymer and said additive is present in an amount of greater than 10% by weight of said layer 
Provided is a system and method for altering luminance characteristics of an image organized according to a transmission protocol for a compressed image. 
The method includes, but is not limited to, determining a transmission luminance component of the image according to the representation of luminance provided for in the transmission protocol; substituting the transmission luminance component of the image for a reconstruction luminance component; and converting the image with the substituted transmission luminance component into an approximate human perceivable gamma representation 
A turbine engine provides a differential gear system coupling the turbine to the bypass fan and the compressor. 
In this manner, the power/speed split between the bypass fan and the compressor can be optimized under all conditions. 
In the example shown, the turbine drives a sun gear, which drives a planet carrier and a ring gear in a differential manner. 
One of the planet carrier and the ring gear is coupled to the bypass fan, while the other is coupled to the compressor 
A water supply system provided with means for killing pathogens, comprising an inlet for receiving water to be provided by the system and at least one draw-off point connected to the inlet via a pipe for providing water, which means for killing pathogens comprise heating means for heating water at least to a temperature that is lethal for the pathogens, characterized in that the heating means comprise a heating element that extends within the pipe, in the longitudinal direction thereof, upstream of said at least one draw-off point 
A 7-membered heterocyclic compound represented by the formula (I): (I) a salt thereof, or a solvate of either. 
They have chymase inhibitory activity and are useful as a medicine for the prevention or treatment of various diseases in which chymase participates. 
Also provided is a medicinal composition which contains a compound of the formula (I), a pharmacologically acceptable salt thereof, or a solvate of either and is useful for the treatment or prevention of diseases in which chymase participates 
A three-way catalyst for use in the purification clarification of an exhaust gas discharged from an internal combustion engine wherein combustion is controlled in the vicinity of a stoichiometric atmosphere, which comprises an additive oxide comprising an oxide of at least one metal selected from Bi, Sn and Zn, in an amount of 0.02 to 0.2 moles per 1 liter of the volume of the catalyst. 
The above additive oxide converts SO<SUB>2</SUB> into SO<SUB>3</SUB> or SO<SUB>4</SUB> in an oxidizing atmosphere, and stores a sulfur component as a sulfide in a reducing atmosphere, resulting in the inhibition of the discharge of H<SUB>2</SUB>S. The above catalyst is free of Ni or Cu, each being a load to the environment and thus can be safely used, and also can inhibit the formation of H<SUB>2</SUB>S in a stoichiometric or reducing atmosphere 
An oily skin composition for external use for accelerating the percutaneous absorption of a water-soluble drug. 
The composition comprises 50-95 mass% oily matter comprising 10-100 mass% solid or semisolid oil and 5-50 mass% powder, has a confinement of 50% or higher, and is to be applied to the skin after a skin preparation containing a water-soluble drug for external use has been applied. 
Also provided is a method of accelerating the percutaneous absorption of a water-soluble drug, which comprises using the composition 
It is possible to encode a picture without causing a display wait at the decoding side. 
Re-encoding is performed with a different encoding order. 
As a result, picture B<SUB>3</SUB> is detected as picture Na+1 (Fig. 
11A) which is decoded from picture I<SUB>1</SUB> (picture Nd) as a second picture. 
Accordingly, the picture string {I<SUB>1</SUB>, P<SUB>2</SUB>, B<SUB>3</SUB>} contains picture P<SUB>3</SUB> (picture Na+2) (picture displayed as a second picture from picture I<SUB>1</SUB>). 
As shown in Fig. 11C to Fig. 11D, decoding of picture B<SUB>3</SUB> is performed at a time corresponding to the display time of picture B<SUB>3</SUB>, so that picture B<SUB>3</SUB> is displayed at the display time 
An image forming apparatus comprising: a recording head having a nozzle configured to eject a liquid drop of recording liquid so as to form an image on the recording- medium with a liquid drop ejected from the nozzle of the recording head; a conveyer configured to electrostatically hold and convey a recording-medium by a charge provided to the conveyer; and a cleaning device configured to clean a nozzle face of the recording head based on a tolerance threshold value of contamination of the nozzle face generated by the ejection of a liquid drop and the number of liquid drops ejected from the recording head for image formation 
An image forming apparatus for forming an image on a recording medium by ejecting drops of recording fluid from a recording head includes a waste tank having a space for containing waste fluid, a part for obtaining a correlation value that has a correlation to a deposited state of the waste fluid in the space within the waste tank, and a part for judging whether or not the correlation value exceeds a reference value 
Dimples (10) are provided in an overlap section (W) in which a piston ring (8) of the outer peripheral upper end of a piston and an oil ring (9) of the outer peripheral lower end of the piston overlap each other by reciprocating motion of the piston, the overlap section (W) being in a range of a cylinder inner wall surface (2a), below the lower edge of the openings of scavenging ports. 
Alternatively, surface roughness in the overlap stroke section (W) is set greater than that in other regions 
This process for producing a resist pattern includes: the step of laminating (a) a support having an upper surface on which copper exists, (b) an inorganic substance layer consisting of an inorganic substance supplied from an inorganic substance source, and (c) a photoresist layer consisting of a chemically amplified type positive photoresist composition, to obtain a photoresist laminate, the step of selectively irradiating active light or radioactive rays to said photoresist laminate, and the step of developing said (c) photoresist layer together with said (b) inorganic substance layer to form a resist pattern 
A washer-dryer comprising a water tank (3, 116), a rotary tank (4, 128), a rotary shaft (8) provided at an axial end face of the rotary tank, a drive means (6, 132) for rotating the rotary tank at a low speed during drying operation and at a high speed during dewatering operation, and a warm air supply means (72, 81, 142) for supplying warm air into the water tank through a warm air inlet (40, 89, 124) provided in the water tank. 
The water tank has, in its inside, a duct cover (61, 138) having an airflow path (64) that extends from the warm air inlet to the vicinity of the rotary shaft, and the water tank also has an opening (63, 139) in a section surrounding the rotary shaft. 
An introduction path (66) for introducing warm air, passed through the airflow path, into the rotary tank is provided in that part of the rotary tank which surrounds the rotary shaft. 
A seal member (68, 140, 152), extending toward the peripheral edge of the opening in the duct cover, is provided on the outer periphery of that end section of the introduction path which faces the duct cover 
A voltage generating circuit whose voltage value can be highly accurately adjusted, a constant current source using such voltage generating circuit and a light emitting diode driving circuit. 
The voltage generating circuit (100) includes a voltage generating section (50) for generating a plurality of constant voltages, a plurality of switches (SW1-SW8), a control signal generating section (30), and a decode circuit (40). 
The switches (SW1-SW8) select a voltage from the plurality of constant voltages (V1-V8) generated by the voltage generating section (50) and output the voltage from a voltage output terminal (102). 
The control signal generating section (30) generates a plurality of control signals (Vcnt1-Vcnt3) which can be switched to a high level or a low level by trimming a plurality of fuse resistors (Rf1-Rf3), and the decode circuit (40) controls the connection status of the switches (SW1-SW8) by the control signal (Vcnt). 
A reference voltage (Vx) outputted from a voltage output terminal (102) is applied to a current generation resistor (Ri1) through an operating amplifier (10) and a transistor (12), and a constant current (Iled) is generated 
A positive photosensitive composition which comprises (A) an alkali-soluble polymeric material having at least one carboxyl group in the molecule thereof, (B) a light-heat conversion material which absorbs an infrared ray as an exposure source and converts the ray to heat and (C) a silane coupling agent. 
It is preferred that the above silane coupling agent has an alkoxysilyl group and at least one functional group selected from the group consisting of an imidazole group, a vinyl group, an epoxy group, a methacryloxy group, an acryloxy group, an amino group, a mercapto group, an isocyanate group, a styryl group and a polysulfide group. 
The above positive photosensitive composition is excellent in an etch factor and adhesiveness 
An electrical device assembly constituted by a plurality of electrical devices placed together in a container box is disclosed which can be manufactured with good workability while ensuring sufficient rigidity of the container box. 
A battery pack (50) comprises a battery cell (20) having sheet-like electrode tabs led out from the opposite sides, a case (31) for containing the battery cell (20) and a lid (32). 
A cut is made in the sidewall of the case (31) from the opening side thereof. 
After the battery cell (20) group is set in the case, a column bar (40) is fixed, as a reinforcing member, to the sidewall of the case which is provided with the cut. 
The column bar (40) is made of a conductive material and has a function as a terminal member for taking out a voltage from the electrical joint of electrode tabs in addition to the function as the reinforcing member 
A gene which is obtained from a rose and codes for a protein having 473 amino acid residues. 
The gene cords for a protein having such activity that it transfers a glucosyl group to the 5-position hydroxy group of anthocyanidin and then transfers a glucosyl group to the 3-positon hydroxy group 
A chair-type massage machine where a massage member having massage balls and swing arms supporting the massage balls is projected more forward than a normal massage operation position. 
The massage-type massage machine has a vertically movable base (71) vertically movably provided in a backrest section (63) and a mechanical section (70) installed at the front side of the vertically movable base (71) through a support frame (3). 
The lower end of the support frame (3) is connected via a swing pivot section (100) to the vertically movable base (71) so as to be swingable back and forth. 
An advance/retreat mechanism (105) for moving the support frame (3) back and forth is provided between the support frame (3) and the vertically movable base (71) 
[PROBLEMS] An electrode for stimulating a pain sensing nerve only by being attached to the skin surface of a mammal, especially a human. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] A pain sensing nerve stimulating multi-pole needle electrode, wherein a stimulus-intended electrode (cathode) is constituted so as to reach from the skin surface any depth up to a papilla by using a plurality of terminal electrodes (anodes) only or adding a support (insulator) to them as required, the terminal electrodes are disposed so as to contact the skin, and the distance from the stimulus-intended electrode (needle) on the skin surface to the terminal electrodes (anodes) is set to within 20mm, with the longest distance set to up to 1.5 times the shortest distance. 
In the case of a human, the distance from the skin surface to the tip end of a stimulus-intended electrode is 0.01-0.3mm. 
When a rectangular- or triangular-wave current of up to 0.5 mA is allowed to run to the electrode, pain sensation only can be effectively stimulated 
A surgical sealing device (405), comprises a first sealing member (5) and a second sealing member (6). 
A thin slit is defined between the sealing members (5, 6). 
In a closed configuration, the first sealing member (5) overlaps the distal end opening of a passageway (2) through the second sealing member (6) to prevent leakage of insufflation gases out of an abdomen (4). 
In an open configuration, the first sealing member (5) is retracted to reveal the distal end opening of the passageway (2) and thus facilitate passage of an object, such as a surgeon's hand or forearm (3), into the abdomen (4). 
The device (405) comprises a planar support element (406) fixedly attached to the proximal exterior surface (408) of the first sealing member (5). 
The first sealing member (5) is fixedly attached to the second sealing member (6) at an attached region (409), with a detached region (407) remaining detached from the second sealing member (6) 
The invention relates to a vehicle control device and method. 
In order to reduce consumption, the invention consists in testing the state of each member (10, 14, 15, 17) used to input a command or interpret the wishes of the driver with the aid of a computer (9, 13, 16, 18) that is dedicated to each electricity-consuming resource (20, 22, 23, 24). 
According to the invention, when the engine is stopped, the accessories are no longer started up by pressing the start button (10) 
The invention relates to a gas bag for a motor vehicle for protecting the knee area of an occupant of a vehicle, configured in such a way that it can be installed in a motor vehicle, such that it can be inflated with gas in the event of a crash in order to support the knee of the occupant of a vehicle, comprising a first fixing area for fixing the gas bag to a part of the motor vehicle. 
The gas bag comprises at least one second detachable fixing area (9) for fixing the gas bag (6) to the vehicle part (7). 
The second, detachable fixing area (9) and the first fixing area (8) are embodied at distanced points of the gas bag (6) and the second, detachable fixing area (9) is connected to the gas bag (6) in such a way that it is detached from the gas bag (6) when a force acts upon the link between it and the gas bag (6) and exceeds a predetermined value. 
Embodiments of the present invention are directed to a gas distribution system which distributes the gas more uniformly into a process chamber. 
In one embodiment, a gas distribution system comprises a gas ring including an outer surface and an inner surface, and a gas inlet disposed at the outer surface of the gas ring. 
The gas inlet is fluidicly coupled with a first channel which is disposed between the outer surface and the inner surface of the gas ring. 
A plurality of gas outlets are distributed over the inner surface of the gas ring, and are fluidicly coupled with a second channel which is disposed between the outer surface and the inner surface of the gas ring. 
A plurality of orifices are fluidicly coupled between the first channel and the second channel. 
The plurality of orifices are spaced from the gas inlet by a plurality of distances, and have sizes which vary with the distances from the gas inlet as measured along the first channel, such that the size of the orifice increases with an increase in the distance between the orifice and the gas inlet as measured along the first channel 
This invention discloses 2-methylene-18,19-dinor-vitamin D analogs, and specifically 2-methylene-18,19-dinor-1a-hydroxy-homopregnacalciferol and pharmaceutical uses therefor. 
This compound exhibits pronounced activity in arresting the proliferation of undifferentiated cells and inducing their differentiation to the monocyte thus evidencing use as an anti-cancer agent and for the treatment of skin diseases such as psoriasis as well as skin conditions such as wrinkles, slack skin, dry skin and insufficient sebum secretion. 
This compound also has little, if any, calcemic activity and therefore may be used to treat autoimmune disorders or inflammatory diseases in humans as well as renal osteodystrophy. 
This compound may also be used for the treatment or prevention of obesity 
A collapsible frame structure for a playard. 
The collapsible frame structure includes a plurality of legs, and a plurality of cross members arranged so that at least one cross member extends between, and is pivotally connected to, respective adjacent legs to form a side of the playard. 
The frame structure also includes a plurality of slider joints, each slider joint slidingly engaging a respective one of the legs, and a plurality of pivot joints, each pivot joint on a respective one of the legs. 
The frame structure also includes at least one latch mechanism configured to selectively engage at least one of the slider joints with its respective leg, wherein each cross member is mounted to the respective adjacent legs by the slider joint on a first of the respective adjacent legs and by the pivot joint on a second of the respective adjacent legs 
An antenna control system for setting the tilt angle of a main lobe of an antenna, in particular of an antenna constituting part of a base station in a mobile cellular communication system, said antenna comprising a plurality of antenna elements and phase shifting means for varying the phase of at least one signal being fed to said antenna elements, wherein adjustment of said phase of said signal is achieved by actuating an operating element, and wherein actuation of said operating element is achieved by operatin an operating element actuator. 
The operating element actuato is coupled to the operating element of the phase shifting means by means of a force field coupling 
The present invention comprises an installation, a method and a paper pulp bale thus produced by the intermediary of the method which is adapted to seal and/or secure an envelope (8), formed from one single envelope sheet (8') about a compressed set ("S2a") of pulp sheets or the like. 
In particular, it is disclosed that a single envelope sheet (8') be given a width corresponding to a selected length of an edge or side of the set ("S2a") and be given a length in order, on the one hand, wholly to surround said set ("S2a") and, on the other hand, in addition to permit the diverging end regions (8 a, 8b) of the sheet to overlap one another. 
Within said overlapping end regions (8a, 8b), one or more flaps (18a, 18b) are formed. 
The flaps are brought by means (30) to a coordination in order to seal and/or secure the flaps to one another 
A multimedia provider (100) generates, based on a request for a media channel from a user terminal (10), a session set-up description that is returned to the user terminal (10). 
The description defines, when processed in the terminal (10), a session window (20) that is displayed on a screen (12) of the terminal and comprises a region (22) for displaying media data of a requested channel and a channel region (24) comprising information on alternative available media channels. 
The description also defines a binding between user inputs (14) of the terminal (10) and identifiers of the alternative channels. 
The set-up description allows for a user-friendly channel switch by automatically transmitting a channel switch request to the multimedia provider (100) upon a triggering of the user input (14) that is associated with the identifier of the requested media channel. 
The description, thus, provides a visually appealing graphical interface and simultaneously allows for a user-friendly media channel switch 
The invention relates to an arrangement (6, 11) for fastening of working equipment (2, 3, 4, 5) such as cupboards, shelves or filing cabinets to an inner floor (7) of a vehicle. 
The arrangement relates to a particular design of a bracket plate (11 ) located under the inner floor (7) and which bracket plate is used for fastening of the equipment (2,3,4,5) at its points of attachment (10) to the floor. 
The bracket plates (11 ) are provided with at least two fixation points (12) intended to be used for fixation of the bracket plate (11 ) to the points of attachment (10) belonging to the equipment. 
By attaching the bracket plate (11 ) to the floor at more than one location, the force at stress is distributed from being concentrated at one location to be distributed to at least two points. 
This arrangement will thus reduce the risk of crack formations in the floor and a subsequent detachment of the fixation. 
This kind of fixation device is particularly useful for fixation of equipment in vans intended to be used for professional use by craftsmen such as for example plumber, electrician or painter 
Method for connecting an electrical conductor (17) to a metal bar (11) by bolted connection, whereby a bushing (10) provided with a collar (12) is inserted into, and is by radial expansion fastened in, a hole in the metal bar, a cable lug (16) connected to the electrical conductor is caused to abut against the bushing, and the cable lug is connected to the bushing by means of a bolt (14) disposed in the bushing and forming part of the bolted connection. 
An expansion device (23) with a threaded portion (26) and an expansion collar (25) is drawn through the bushing in order to expand the latter. 
A fitting nut (20) with a thread (21) cooperating with the threaded portion (26) is rotated in abutment against the collar (12) of the bushing in order to draw the expansion tool through the bushing. 
The expansion device (23) with the fitting nut (20) is removed from the bushing, a bolt is inserted through the bushing and a tapered clamp ring (13) surrounding the bolt and abutting against a head (15) of the bolt is pressed into the bushing during radial widening of the bushing and radial constriction of the clamp ring round the bolt as a result of tightening of the bolted connection. 
Bolted connection, comprising the bushing (10) and a bolt (14) provided with a head (15) and inserted through the bushing, whereby the length of the bushing exceeds the length of a hole formed for the bolted connection in a metal bar. 
A tapered clamp ring (13) is disposed about the bolt at the head of the bolt. 
The tapered clamp ring is pressed into the bushing between the bushing and the bolt, and the collar of the bushing has an unengaged flat annular surface. 
A tool for fastening the bushing comprises an elongate expansion device (23) and a fitting nut (20) cooperating with the expansion device (23). 
The expansion device (23) is provided with a threaded portion (26) at a first end and a tool spigot (24) at a second end and is provided between said portions with an expansion collar (24) with circumference increasing from the threaded portion (26) 
The invention relates to a vibrator device for fruit trees, which is designed to cause the fruit to fall from trees (5). The inventive device consists of a suspended head (1) comprising a vibrator mechanism (3) and a jaw mechanism (2), whereby the suspended head (1) hangs from a metal structure (22) that is connected to a tractor vehicle by means of an elastic cable (20). 
The aforementioned jaw mechanism (2) comprises an inner support ring (12) which is coupled around the vibrator mechanism (3) and a clamp (27) which opens and closes in order to adapt to the thickness of the branches (4) and which is actuated by at least one oil-hydraulic cylinder (15). In this way, the branch (4) to be struck is fixed between the lower ends (23) of the clamp (27) and the inner support ring (12). 
The invention relates to chocolate compositions where the fat phase comprises at least cocoa butter and optionally milk fat and/or a cocoa butter equivalent and the chocolate can be liquefied and re-solidified without bloom and without a pre-crystallization step 
The invention relates to a stepped transmission (10) for a motor vehicle. 
Said transmission comprises: a plurality of forward gears (1, 2, 3, 4, ..) and at least one reverse gear (R); a drive shaft assembly (12, 14; 38), a driven shaft assembly (16, 18; 40); and a plurality of gear sets, which include idler gears and shift gears. 
The shift gears are rotatably mounted on a shaft assembly and can be connected to the associated shaft assembly by means of respective shift couplings (SK) 
A method of coating a microneedle array by applying a coating fluid using a flexible film in a brush-like manner. 
A method of coating a microneedle array comprising: providing a microneedle array having a substrate and a plurality of microneedles; providing a flexible film; providing a coating solution comprising a carrier fluid and a coating material; applying the coating solution onto a first major surface of the flexible film; performing a transfer step of bringing the first major surface of the flexible film into contact with the microneedles and removing the flexible film from contact with the microneedles; and allowing the carrier fluid to evaporate. 
Also, a method of coating a microneedle array by applying a coating solution onto a first major surface of a coating substrate to form a layer of applied coating solution having a thickness equal to or less than the height of at least one of the microneedles and performing a transfer step of bringing the first major surface of the coating substrate into contact with the microneedles and removing the coating substrate from contact with the microneedles, thereby transferring at least a portion of the coating solution to the microneedle array 
Acidic laundry detergent compositions wherein the detergent composition contains a surfactant component; and an organic acid source; and wherein the composition has a viscosity of greater than about 150 mPa.s; wherein the composition has a pH of from about 2 to about 6; and wherein the composition has a reserve acidity of at least 1.6. 
Methods for reducing fabric dinginess by washing clothes which such detergent compositions 
A device for finishing a surface includes a body member with a contoured exterior surface and adapted to couple with a shaft. 
At least two surface portions, positioned at different radial distances from an axis of the body member, define the contoured exterior surface. 
Each surface portion includes an abrasive member to finish a surface. 
In another aspect, a device for finishing a surface includes a body portion with an exterior surface configured to finish a surface formed by a rotary cutter. 
The exterior surface has a profile that substantially corresponds to a profile of a surface formed by the rotary cutter. 
A coupling member is coupled to the body portion and adapted to be coupled to a rotary drive mechanism to transmit rotational energy to the body portion 
The present invention relates to a housing assembly in which computer hardware can be mounted to facilitate its operation. 
The housing assembly includes side wall panels [102] that define an outer casing that has an air inlet [103] for supplying air into the casing and an air outlet [104] for discharging air from the casing. 
The housing assembly also includes a fan [107] and electric motor [106] for driving the fan [107]. 
The fan [107] is connected to the outer casing of the housing assembly so that operation of the fan [107] causes: i) a stream of air to enter the casing through the air inlet [103]; ii) air to be conveyed within the outer casing; and iii) a stream of air to be discharged from the air outlet [104]. 
Heat generated by the computer hardware can be transferred to the air conveyed through the outer casing. 
The housing assembly also includes a noise reduction assembly [108] that includes a tortuous passageway through which one or both of the steams of air entering the inlet [103] or discharged from the outlet [104] of the outer casing passes. 
The tortuous passageway is configured such that sound that is emitted from the fan and enters into the tortuous passageway is dissipated therein so as to minimize the level of sound emanating from the passageway 
A system and method for temporary programming of an implantable medical device. 
The system and method include a repeater uploading temporary programming and instructions to a temporary memory of the device and then instructing the device to operate according to the temporary instructions. 
If during a first time period, the device is not in continuous periodic communication with the repeater, the device automatically reverts to operation under the normal operating instructions. 
At the end of the first time period, the caregiver or the patient may decide to revert to the normal programming. 
During a second time period, the device operates according to the temporary programming unless the caregiver or the patient instructs the device to revert to the normal programming, or the device fails to receive a periodic continuation signal from the repeater. 
Adverse health affects to the patient may also trigger the device to revert to the normal programming during either the first or second time period 
The present invention relates to a monoclonal antibody to human ßig-h3 and the use thereof. 
More particularly, it relates to a monoclonal antibody to the human ßig-h3 protein, wherein the epitope of the monoclonal antibody is the Hl region of the fourth fas-1 domain of the human ßig-h3 protein. 
The monoclonal antibody can specifically recognize the human ßig-h3 protein in tissue, and so will be useful in diagnosing a disease associated with the increase or decrease of the ßig-h3 protein. 
In addition, the monoclonal antibody has the effect of inhibiting the cell adhesion activity of the ßig-h3 protein 
Disclosed is a packaging box having a left wall face (21), a right wall face (23), a front wall face (22), a rear wall face (24) and a joining part (50) which are divided by vertical ruled lines (70), including a lower left wall flap (41) connected to a side to the left wall face (21), an inner left wall face (31) connected to the opposite side of the left wall face (21) and folded inward at an angle of 180 degrees, a lower right wall flap (43) connected to a side of the right wall face (23), an inner right wall face (33) connected to the opposite side of the right wall face (23) and folded inward at an angle of 180 degrees, an upper front wall flap (32) connected to the front wall face (22) to form an upper face of a box, an inner front wall face (42) connected to the opposite side of the front wall face (22) to form a twofold wall be being folded inward at an angle of 180 degrees, an upper rear wall flap (34) connected to the rear wall face (24) to form the upper face of the box, and an inner rear wall face (44) connected to the opposite side of the rear wall face (24) to form a twofold wall by being folded inward at an angle of 180 degrees. 
According to the present invention, the packaging box has the enhanced compression and bursting strength 
A jelly candy is disclosed, which is capable of preventing an obstruction of an airway of a human body when eating the jelly candy, with a vertical through hole being formed at a center in an axial direction of a jelly 
Disclosed is a complex battery charging device capable of simultaneously charging batteries of various portable devices, such as a portable phone, a PDA, a digital camera, a camcorder, an MP3, an iPOD, or an MD. 
The complex battery charging apparatus including a frame having holes for fixing a plurality of connection terminals for charging portable phones, in which a first end portion of an upper cover is hinged to an outer upper end portion of the frame, a lower end portion of a lower cover made of a transparent material is hinged to a center portion of the frame, a portable phone mounting section is formed at a front upper portion of the frame between the upper and lower covers, and an LED charge state display unit is provided at a lower portion of the lower cover; a connection terminal support section for fixing a plurality of connection terminals using fixing units and a support cap and allowing the connection terminals to be fixedly inserted into the holes formed in the frame; an SMPS constant voltage generation unit, which receives an operating voltage and generates a constant voltage of 5V; a circuit section including a charging circuit unit for providing a charge voltage to the connection terminals so as to charge portable phones; and a base frame coupled with the frame and provided at an inner portion thereof with the circuit section 
Disclosed is a polymerizable compound which can be a raw material for a resin having high transparency, good heat resistance and mechanical strength required for optical members such as plastic lenses, while attaining a high refractive index (nd) exceeding 1.7. 
Also disclosed is an optical member composed of such a resin. 
Specifically disclosed is a compound having two or more thiol groups and an atom selected from metal atoms in a molecule. 
Also disclosed are a polythiol composition containing such a compound, a polymerizable composition containing such a polythiol composition, a resin obtained by polymerizing such a polymerizable composition, and an optical member composed of such a resin 
This invention provides a modified polytetrafluoroethylene fine powder which can lower extrusion pressure. 
The modified polytetrafluoroethylene fine powder is characterized in that the cylindrical extrusion pressure at a reduction ratio of 1600 is not more than 50 MPa and the haze value for a molded product (a) for measurement is not more than 60 
An experimental model of mouse generated by knocking-in an encoding H-ras sequence into K-ras locus is disclosed. 
In these mice, both copies of the K-ras gene contain the encoding region of H-ras under the control of the regulatory regions of the K-ras gene; methods for assaying cardiotherapeutic or anti-hypertensive substances 
A system and method are provided for non -transmission specification fair air-time, NT-AirFair, allocation control by tracking the transmission time (308) consumed by each link to detect any increase and enforcing air -time allocation (309) based on the pattern of usage derived therefrom 
For ensuring high-precision control of a planar motor (1) comprising a magnet (2) and j coils (3), j=l ...N, wherein currents T7 can flow through the coils (3) such that a force and a moment are generated that interact with the magnet (2), it has been proposed to determine force and moment needed to change the relative position of magnet (2) and coils from a present position to a desired position, and then to determine the currents T7 necessary for generating this force and moment in the computing means (43) of the control unit (4) of the electric motor (1). 
The coil currents are then regulated accordingly with regulating means (44). 
The relative position of magnet (2) and coils (3) is measured with measuring means (5) and fed into the first input means (41) of the control unit (4) 
An image processing apparatus (1) receives a color input signal (3) and configurable user settings (7). 
The image processing apparatus (1) is adapted to transform the color input signal (3) into a modified color signal (9) for display on a color display (11). 
The image processing apparatus (1) transforms one or more colors in the color input signal (3) to another color or colors, such that the image signal can be viewed by a color blind person. 
The image processing apparatus (1) may also change the brightness level or texture setting of a particular color in order to make the color more visible to a colorblind person. 
The image processing apparatus is also adaptable to inform a user of the true color of a particular color in the color input signal 
The present invention relates to novel pharmaceutical compositions in which the active agent is a topoisomerase I inhibitor, in particular a camptothecin derivative, that is useful for the treatment and prevention of proliferative diseases including cancer 
A spoke wheel rim for tubeless tyres has a sealing device (12, 25, 27, 36, 44, 46, 48) arranged in the zone of a rim base (2) in a recess (11) of the rim (1), and the rim (1) has an undercut (13) with sealing surfaces on either side of the rim central plane (10). 
The undercut (13) has two constrictions which form the sealing surfaces (14, 14') and the sealing device (12, 25, 27, 36, 44, 46, 48) is designed to substantially match the form and the surface of the undercut (13) and is arranged therein 
The invention relates to a method for preventing collisions or reducing the severity of a vehicle collision with the following steps: detecting the velocity and direction of motion of the vehicle; detecting the position of objects in the surroundings of the vehicle; detecting the speed and the direction of motion of the objects relative to the vehicle; precalculating the future position of the objects relative to the vehicle; evaluating the present and future positions of the objects relative to the vehicle; outputting a warning to the driver and/or carrying out an automatic steering and/or braking intervention by means of a vehicle assistance system according to the evaluation in the event it has been determined according to the evaluation that a collision with the object is unavoidable without intervention by the system. 
The invention also relates to a vehicle assistance system for preventing collisions or reducing the severity of a vehicle collision 
The invention provides a system for monitoring a container for transporting cargo. 
The system includes an onboard device attached to the container and a central computer system. 
The central computer system processes alerts transmitted by the onboard device. 
The onboard device includes a processor/sensor component and an antenna component. 
The processor/sensor component comprises a processor for controlling the device. The processor/sensor component also includes one or more sensor in communication with the processor for sensing container conditions. 
A satellite modem in the processor/sensor component transmits alerts relating to container conditions and other satellite communications. 
The antenna component includes a satellite antenna, which is connected to the satellite modem 
A linear actuator, in particular telescopic legs for height-adjustable tables, and comprising an outer profile (18), a spindle (7) mounted at an upper end of the outer profile, a transmission (8) connecting the spindle (7) with a reversible electric motor, a spindle nut (11) secured against rotation on the spindle (7), an intermediate profile (10) mounted with its one end on the spindle nut (11), a guide at a lower end of the outer profile (18) for the intermediate profile (10), a cord element (12, 20; 26) secured at the lower end of the outer profile (18) and connected via a guide with an inner profile (14), such that this together with the intermediate profile (10) is telescopically pushed out of and into the outer profile (18) by the rotation of the spindle. 
When the inner profile (14) is secured against rotation on the intermediate profile (10), and the rotational securing of the spindle nut (11) is constituted by longitudinal guides in the outer profile (18), then an actuator is achieved which per se is secured against rotation 
A testing method of nucleic acid binding protein based on biochip, comprises the following steps: 1. puts a plurality of groups solution including nucleic acid captured probes into biological sample including a plurality of nucleic acid binding protein to be test, and thus forming nucleic acid captured probe-nucleic acid binding protein complexes; such nucleic acid captured probe includes at least a segment of binding sequence which can bind with aimed nucleic acid binding protein; 2. separates such nucleic acid captured probe-nucleic acid binding protein complexes, then recoveries nucleic acid captured probes; 3. hybridizes the nucleic acid captured probes according to step 2 with a plurality of single strand blotting probes on biochip substrate; the sequence of such blotting probe compensates with such nucleic acid captured probe or one of its strand; 4. detects the result of hybridization 
The present invention provides solid dosage formulations of [1,4]diazepino[6,7,1-ij]quinoline derivatives and processes for their manufacture. 
In some particular embodiments, the present invention provides novel formulations of the antipsychotic and antiobesity agent (9aR, 12aS)-4,5,6,7,9,9a,10,11,12,12a­decahydrocyclopenta[c][1,4]diazepino[6,7,1-ij]quinoline hydrochloride (Compound A<SUP>-</SUP>HCI) 
An electro-mechanical injection actuator (20) as arranged to controllably rotate and translate a feedscrew relative to a frame (28) to express plastic material into a mold. 
The improved actuator includes a ball-screw (24) mounted on the frame, the ball-screw having a nut (26) matingly engaging a screw (25), the screw being attached to the feedscrew (F); an electric metering motor (21) mounted on the frame and having a rotatable output shaft (22), the rotational movement of the output shaft being transmitted to the screw through a splined connection (40, 41); an injection motor (45) mounted on the frame and operatively arranged to selectively rotate the nut relative to the frame; and a unidirectional clutch or brake (29) operatively arranged between the nut and frame for permitting the nut to rotate relative to the frame only in the angular direction needed to translate the feedscrew in a direction to express plastic material into the mold. 
The clutch/brake prevents the nut from being moved in the opposite angular direction under the influence of pressurized plastic material in the mold 
A method for controlling the deposition of vaporized organic material onto a substrate surface, includes providing a heating device to produce vaporized organic material; providing a manifold having at least one aperture through which vaporized organic material passes for deposition onto the substrate surface; providing a controller operating independently of the heating device and effective in a first condition for limiting the passage of vaporized organic material through the aperture, and effective in a second condition for facilitating the passage of vaporized organic material through the aperture; and wherein the heating device, or the controller, or both are contiguous to the manifold 
A distributed antenna array with a centralized data hub for determining the presence and location of RF tags has been disclosed. 
This antenna array centralizes electronics and distributes the RF to zones in a facility to greatly reduce the expense of recurring components for monitoring RF tags. 
A single BRT/hub with multiple antennas attached to transmit and receive ports is used to cover an entire facility. 
Large facilities are covered by a small number of the BRT/hub combinations. 
The BRT/hub has transmit antennas coupled thereto, preferably by co-axial cable, that transmit signals to a portion or all of the RF tags and all or a portion of them modulate and reflect the RF signal to a particular receiving antenna. 
The receiving antenna then returns the RF signal with tag data to the BRT/hub, preferably by co-axial cable. 
Also disclosed is a RF backscatter tag that cleanly switches a resonant aperture antenna on and off, thereby greatly increasing the mark-to-space ratio of the backscatter data. 
This enables tags to be detected by the BRT at much greater distances 
A method for forming a hole in a crystal substrate which characterized in that it comprises providing a single crystal substrate (1) which has silicon as a main component and has been so formed as to have a (100) face being rectangular to the depth direction of the hole to be formed and an etching fluid having a hydrogen fluoride concentration of 10 % or less, when a linear hole is to be formed, or providing an etching fluid having a hydrogen fluoride concentration of 28 % or more, when a spiral hole is to be formed, allowing particles (2) of a metal such as silver, platinum or palladium to attach on the surface of the substrate by a means such as electroless plating, and then carrying out a chemical etching. 
The above method can be suitably used for preparing, at a low cost, a single crystal substrate (1) having a deep hole (3) of a linear or spiral form 
A micro biological sensor and a sensor part realizing lower cost and high reliability by reducing the assembling and fabricating process of small, individual components in order to satisfy the request of further reduction in size and making possible mass production. 
A light emitting portion (21) and a light receiving portion (22) are arranged in the same recess (24) formed in the surface of a semiconductor substrate (23), and a light shielding cover substrate (27) having a first light guide portion (25) and a second light guide portion (26) is arranged on the upper surface side of the semiconductor substrate (23). 
Since the light receiving portion (22) is formed of an array of light receiving elements (28), as many second light guide portions (26) as the number of the light receiving elements (28) are provided on the light shielding cover substrate (27), and the light receiving surfaces of the light receiving elements (28) are coupled and aligned, with no gaps, with the ends, on one side, of the second light guide portions (26), respectively 
A wiper blade (13), comprising a rubber holder (17) fitted to the tip of a wiper arm (14) and a blade rubber (16) held by the rubber holder (17). 
The rubber holder (17) is formed in a U-shape in cross section, and the intermediate portion of the blade rubber (16) is covered by the rubber holder (17). 
Also, covers (18) are installed on both sides of the rubber holder (17) parallel with each other in the longitudinal direction. 
The covers (18) are rotatable relative to the rubber holder (17) in the vertical direction to a windshield glass (12), and the portion of the blade rubber (16) exposed from the rubber holder (17) is covered by these covers (18) in an elastically deformable state 
Here is provided a new contents distribution technology. 
A document processing device (100) functions as a browser for browsing a document held in a web server (25), acquires the document from the web server (25) via an internet (29), and displays the acquired document. 
A mode detection unit (78) detects a transfer to the mode, in which a user performs such a work having an additional value other than a display as reuses a web page by editing, printing, storing or partially copying the web page. 
At the detection, an advertise display unit (79) displays additional contents such as an advertise. 
Here is proposed a business model that the advertise is displayed without demanding any compensation when the mode is transferred to the reuse of the contents 
A technique for annotating a document described in a markup language. 
A document processing device (100) displays, when it acquires the document described in the markup language from another device via a network, the contents of the document. 
The document processing device (100) causes, when it accepts an instruction to annotate the document from a user, a definition file describing the element processing method for the annotation to correspond to that document, and records the annotation instructed by the user, in the definition file 
The present invention relates to a method and to an apparatus for manufacturing a record carrier having stored a content information in the form of a modulated bitstream 29 obtained from the content information by steps of encoding 21 and modulating 26. 
The record carrier has a number of dummy patterns at predetermined locations, allowing for the post-recording of secondary information, e.g. an individual code, whereby the secondary information is recorded by selectively modifying the dummy patterns. 
The method and apparatus according to the invention foresee that the modulated bitstream 29 with dummy patterns at the predetermined positions id obtained by inserting data word corresponding to the dummy patterns in a sequence of data words before the modulation takes place, so as to make sure that the dummy patterns are compliant with the modulation employed 
The present invention relates to new phosphodiesterase type 4 (PDE4) inhibitors of the formula (1) and analogs, tautomers, enantiomers, diasteromers, regioisomers, stereoisomers, polymorphs, N-oxides, pharmaceutically acceptable solvates and pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof, pharmaceutical compositions containing them, and methods of treating allergic and inflammatory diseases, such as asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), with them 
Herein is described a new population of circulating CD14+ cells, with a low density surface expression of CD34 and endowed with stem capacity, a method for their purification and identification, and their therapeutic use 
A process for the synthesis of tetrazol derivative has been developed which starts from a tetrazole derivative where acidic hydrogen atom has been replaced by a protecting group and the deprotection is performed with a catalytic amount of organic acid and can proceed in an aqueous solvent 
The present invention is concerned with compounds of formula (1), wherein R<SUP>1</SUP>, R<SUP>2 </SUP>and X are as defined in the description and claims. 
The compounds of the present invention are PTP-1B inhibitors and can be used as medicaments 
A reducing agent metering system (100) for delivering reducing agent to a lean burn internal combustion engine (212). 
The reducing agent metering system (100) includes a metering system housing (180), a system for metering vaporized reducing agent (50) to the internal combustion engine (212), the system positioned within the metering system housing (180) and a system for delivering an atomized stream of liquid reducing agent to the lean burn internal combustion engine (212), the system positioned within the metering system housing (180), wherein the reducing agent metering system (100) is operable to transition from metering vaporized reducing agent to delivering an atomized stream of liquid reducing agent to the lean burn internal combustion engine (212) 
The tablets, compositions and methods of the present invention, comprising a carbonate salt of an aliphatic amine polymer and s monovalent anion can<SUB/>prevent or ameliorate acidosis, in particular acidosis in patients with renal disease. 
The tablets and compositions of the present invention maintain a disintegration time of no greater than 30 minutes at 37°C and at pH of at least 1 for a period of at least ten weeks at 60 °C. Furthermore, the tablets are stable for extended periods of time without the need for specialized storage conditions 
Laser penetration of tabs from electrode plates is presented. 
A set of tabs associated with a set of electrode plates are aligned. 
Either resistance spot welding or ultrasonic welding is used to hold tabs together. 
A laser penetration weld is created through the set of tabs by a single pulse laser weld or multiple-pulse laser weld. 
The set of tabs is greater than two tabs 
The present invention comprises a process and apparatus for producing olefins from oxygenates in a reactor (2). This process comprises these oxygenates with a catalyst to produce a gaseous mixture comprising light olefins and by-products, sending the mixture to a single stage cyclone (14) within said reactor to separate said catalyst from said gaseous mixture and then sending said the to a second stage cyclone (18). The second stage cyclone is located outside of said reactor and it functions to remove the catalyst from the mixture. 
Then the catalyst can be returned to the reactor (2) after having been treated in a regeneration zone (22) to remove carbonaceous deposits from the catalyst 
Satellite radioterminal communications systems, methods and components thereof, can use multiple frequency segments of at least one satellite frequency band, multiple air interfaces, multiple spectrum reuse cluster sizes and/or multiple geographic cell sizes. 
For example, a space-based component is configured to communicate with first radioterminals in first satellite cells over a first frequency segment of a satellite frequency band, such as a first frequency segment of a satellite L-band, and to communicate with second radioterminals in second satellite cells over a second frequency segment of the same or different satellite frequency band. 
The space-based component also may be configured to communicate with a first radioterminal over a first air interface and to communicate with the second radioterminals over a second air interface 
A composite material comprising a plurality of nanofibers intertwined with a plurality of coarse fibers to form one or more layers is provided. 
The nanofibers can be any suitable type of nanofiber, including electrospun fibers. 
A composite material comprising a plurality of electrospun fibers intertwined with a plurality of coarse fibers to form a single layer is also provided. 
A composite material comprising a plurality of electrospun fibers combined with a plurality of coarse fibers to form a plurality of layers, i.e., a multi-layer material, is also provided. 
In some embodiments, gradients in one or more directions are produced. 
Embodiments of the invention also provide processes for producing the composite nanofiber material. 
The materials are useful for any type of disposable garment, wipe, hospital garment, face mask, sterile wrap, air filter, water filter and so forth. Materials described herein can provide strong and varying surface effects, such as wicking. 
In one embodiment, hydrophobic fibers have a sufficiently small diameter to create a lotus effect 
A method of making soft, strong, high bulk tissue is disclosed. 
The method includes pre-conditioning a wet web by straining the wet web in the cross-machine direction prior to transferring the wet web to a throughdrying fabric. 
The pre-conditioned web provides improved sheet softness and conforms more readily to the surface contour of the throughdrying fabric, thereby creating greater caliper (bulk) in the resulting dried sheet. 
The bulk is maintained during a subsequent creping step by maintaining the dried sheet in registration with the throughdrying fabric when the dried sheet is applied to the surface of the creping cylinder 
Device for the substitution of a cliché-jacket from a cliché cylinder in a printing machine or the like wherein said cylinder (1) is connected to a motor (3) driving it into rotation about its longitudinal axis and is provided with radial holes connected with an air inlet (7), the latter being apt to be connected with a compressed air supply (6) by means of a delivery means (8), device characterized in that it comprises automatic means sensing the position of said air inlet (7) relative to said delivery means (8) and automatic means for positioning said air inlet (7) and said delivery means in a reciprocal coupling position, said automatic sensing and positioning means being connected to a programmable electronic unit (E) which, when said air inlet (7) and said delivery means (8) are coaxial, drives said coupling and switches on an on-off valve (60) which, on a side, is connected to said compressed air supply (6) and, on the other side, is connected to said delivery means (8) 
The electrical measuring apparatus (17) and temperature sensing apparatus minimises the number of connections required for each contact (30, 31) of a battery (18). 
The present invention measures the core temperature of the battery (18) which is useful in monitoring the health of the battery (18). 
The apparatus comprises first connection means to connect to the first contact (30) of the battery (18) and second connection means to connect to the second contact (31) of the battery (18). 
The apparatus includes a thermistor (36) which connects in series with one lead (32) of the connecting means. 
Accordingly, the apparatus does not require the temperature sensor (36) to be independently connected to the battery (18) 
A clip (100) for use in a roof glazing assembly, the clip having a two free ends (200), a bracket region (202, 204, 206) and a mating region (208). 
The clip is pivotably connectable to a glazing bar (14) that supports a glazing panel (12) such that the bracket region (202, 204, 206) extends around the end of the bar and the mating region (208) fits into a slot or recess (104) provided in the bar, being retained therein by a cap (20) 
The invention relates to a steering lock for locking the steering spindle (2) of a motor vehicle steering system comprising a blocking element (5) displaceable in the direction of the longitudinal axis (3) thereof from a locking to an unlocking position by means of an electromechanical drive (6) and is maintainable in said unlocking position by a spring-loaded securing element (7) in the form of a lever. 
In order to enable the securing element (7) to maintain the blocking element (5) in the unlocking position thereof in a simple manner even when the electromechanical drive (6) generating the displacement of said blocking element (5) is embodied in the form of a worm drive, a worm gear (10) representing a first control contour (12) is used and a first cam (11) for displacing the blocking element to the unlocking position is mounted on said worm gear. 
A second cam (19) for actuating the securing element (7) supportedly mounted on the first control contour (12) or on a second separate control contour (62) is also arranged on the worm gear (10) in such a way that prior to the displacement of the blocking element (5) from the unlocking position to the locking position, the securing element (7) being in the rest position is pivoted or displaced in the released position and, only afterwards, the first control contour (12), enables the blocking element (5) to be displaced to the locking position 
The invention relates to a helicopter (10) provided with three or more lifting units (12) comprising, respectively, at least one rotor (14) and at least one electronically commuted direct current motor (16) which drives the rotor (14). 
At least one sensor which is used to detect rotational displacement of a rotating component of the lifting unit (12) is provided for, preferably, each lifting unit (12). 
The electronically commuting direct current motors (16) of the lifting units (12) are embodied, preferably, as external rotors 
The invention relates to a method for treating substrates, which method comprises the following steps: producing a liquid film on a local surface area of the substrate to be treated using a nozzle unit which comprises at least one elongate nozzle arrangement and also using an ultrasound or megasound transducer arrangement arranged next to it; contacting at least a part of the ultrasound transducer arrangement with the liquid film; and introducing ultrasound into the liquid film produced using the ultrasound transducer arrangement 
Methanol-tolerant cathodic catalysts were prepared by depositing platinum nanoparticles and iron macrocycles on a carbon substrate. 
The order of depositing the iron and platinum on the carbon substrate were varied to form a (Fe-Pt)/C catalyst and a (Pt-Fe)/C catalyst. Different sintering temperatures were investigated to determine the heating effect on methanol tolerance. 
Oxygen reduction with and without the presence of methanol on these new catalysts was evaluated by using a rotating disk electrode system 
Disclosed herein are methods and devices for detecting fluorescent molecules that are relevant to the health of the eye and related tissues. 
The presence of such molecules in the eye and related tissues can be used to diagnose whether the patient has certain diseases, including the macular degenerations and macular dystrophies. 
The amount of such molecules in the eye and related tissues can be used to determine the extent and stage of these diseases, to monitor the progress of these diseases, to design treatment strategies, to monitor the effectiveness of such treatments and to develop new therapies 
Holes are removed from nested product patterns by conveying products on a conveyance mechanism (12) through an infeed section (14) in nested pattern streams (a1, a2, b1, b2), into a narrowing section (24) of a width less than one and one half the product diameter. 
After the narrowing section (24), the product streams (a11, a21, b11, b21) enter into an expansion section (44) where products move into a side-by-side product stream (a12, a22, b12, b22). 
Thereafter, nested product streams (a13, a23, b13, b23) are formed, which can be combined to form nested product streams (A, B) which can be further processed as desired 
Compounds for use in compositions and methods for modulating the activity of nuclear receptors are provided. 
In particular, compounds for use in compositions and methods for modulating the estrogen related receptors are provided. 
In one embodiment, the compounds provided herein are ERR modulators. 
In another embodiment, the compounds provided herein are agonists, partial agonists, antagonists. or inverse agonists of ERR or ERR?. 
In certain embodiments, the compounds of the invention, as described above in the Summary of the Invention, are compounds of formula (I) 
The invention provides methods and compositions for localized delivery of a vector comprising a therapeutic agent to a specific region of the brain associated with a neurodegenerative diseases that is characterized by an excess buildup of intracellular protein aggregates. 
In particular, the invention provides methods and compositions used to deliver an adeno-associated virus vector (AAV) comprising a nucleotide sequence encoding an inhibitor of apoptosis protein (IAP) to cells in the region 
The invention relates to Duffy antigen receptor for chemokines and uses thereof. 
In on embodiment, the invention provides a method for screening for drug candidates that inhibit angiogenesis. 
The method comprises contacting a molecule with a Duffy antigen receptor for chemokines and determining whether the molecule binds to the Duffy antigen receptor for chemokines. 
In another embodiment, the invention provides a method for inhibiting tumor growth. 
In yet another embodiment, the invention provides a method for inhibiting angiogenesis. 
In a further embodiment, the invention provides a method for promoting tumor necrosis 
The present invention relates to selective allosteric potentiators of the Formula (I): or pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof, for the treatment of disorders associated with M<SUB>4</SUB> muscarinic receptors 
An organic light emitting device is provided. 
The device has an anode, a cathode and an emissive layer disposed between the anode and the cathode. 
The emissive layer includes a host material and a dopant, and the host material is selected from the group consisting of Compound I, Compound II, Compound III, or Compound IV wherein each R represent no substitution, mono-, di-, or tri- substitution, and the substituents are the same or different, and may be alkyl, alkenyl, alkynyl, aryl, thioalkoxy, halo, haloalkyl, cyano, carbonyl, carboxyl, heteroaryl, and substituted aryl, and at least one R for each Compounds I, II, III, or IV includes a carbazole group 
A fluid-gas separator (110, 110', 610) includes a gas-permeable membrane (204) arranged sufficiently adjacent to a fluid-permeable membrane (206) to allow the separation of fluid and gas flowing therein independent of the orientation of the fluid-gas separator itself 
An electric steering lock device, comprising a cam plate (5) rotated in an unlocking direction and a locking direction and a lock shaft (8) displacing between a locking position for stopping the rotation of a steering shaft by the rotation of the cam plate (5) and an unlocking position for allowing the rotation of the steering shaft. 
A steering lock prevention means (20) holding the lock shaft (8) at the unlocking position is installed in the cam plate (5) through a spring (22). 
By the rotation of the cam plate (5), a ball (23) moves on the movement surface (24) of a motor unit (4) opposed to the cam plate (5). 
The movement surface (24) comprises a projected wall (25) positioned immediately before the unlocking position in an area where the ball (23) moves from the locking position to the unlocking position 
A parameter monitoring system for monitoring a parameter in a vessel is provided. 
The system comprises an identification tag for identifying the vessel being monitored, the tag being arranged to be attached, in use, to the vessel, and an identification tag reader for remotely interrogating the tag, the reader being arranged to send, in use, an interrogating signal to the identification tag, and to receive, in use, a reply signal indicative of the identity of the vessel. 
The system further comprises a discrete parameter monitoring device, the device being arranged to be retained, in use, in the vessel, and a monitoring device reader, for receiving data transmitted by the monitoring device. 
A memory stores a database of vessel identification data and corresponding monitoring device identification data, such that the identity of the parameter monitoring device is identified by the system upon receipt of the reply signal. 
A method for monitoring a parameter in a vessel is also provided 
A nanostructure (10) for joining a device (24) to substrate (12) comprising providing each of the substrate (12) and device (24) with filaments (16, 18, 20 & 22) arranged to interdigitate when moved towards each other. 
The filaments (18) may be nanotubes formed and deposited by a variety of means. 
The nanostructure (10) finds particular application in the electronics industry where relative shape changes occur, where non-flat surfaces are to be joined and where direct growth of devices on certain substrates is contraindicated. 
The nanostructure (10) can also be used as a general-purpose joint, e.g. in the aerospace industry. 
A method of joining and a method of manufacturing the nanostructure (10) are also disclosed 
The invention relates to an airbag flap system and to a method for the production of said airbag flap system. The airbag flap system contains an airbag cover (1) and a carrier (2). 
The airbag cover (1) is made of at least up to 80 wt. % of a first plastic, the carrier (2) is made of up to at least 80 wt. % of a second plastic. 
The first plastic has a lower bending module than the second plastic. 
The airbag cover is provided with a border (3) which at least partially protrudes into the carrier and which is covered on the top or lower sides by the carrier (2). 
The aim of the invention is to ensure a stable connection between the airbag cover (1) and the carrier (2). 
Pesticidal mixtures comprising, as active components, 1) an 1-arylpyrazole of the formula (I) wherein R<SUP>1</SUP> is CN, C(=O)C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>-alkyl, or C(=S)NH<SUB>2</SUB>; R<SUP>2</SUP> is S(O)<SUB>n</SUB>R<SUP>3</SUP>; R<SUP>3</SUP> is C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB>-alkyl; R<SUP>4</SUP> is hydrogen, halogen, amino, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB>-alkylamino, di(C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB>-alkyl)amino, or 4-hydroxy-3-methoxybenzylideneamino); W is N or CR<SUP>5</SUP>; R<SUP>5</SUP>, R<SUP>6</SUP> and R<SUP>7</SUP> are, each independently, hydrogen, halogen, or C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>6</SUB>-haloalkyl; n is 0, 1 or 2; or its salts and 2) a compound of the formula (II), or its salts, in synergistically effective amounts; use of this mixture for combating insects, arachnids, or nematodes; method for protecting plants against these pests; and method for treating, controlling, preventing or protecting a warm-blooded animal or a fish against infestation or infection by pests which comprises orally, topically or parenterally administering or applying to said animal or fish a pesticidally effective amount of this mixture 
The invention relates to an endless drive arrangement for an internal combustion engine, whereby at least one first endless drive (1) is arranged in a first plane and at least one second endless drive (2) is arranged in a second plane, offset in an axial direction to the plane of the first endless drive (1), whereby at least one tensioning element for tensioning the first endless drive (1) is constructionally combined with at least one guide element for the second endless drive (2) in order to achieve an improved utilisation of constructional space 
The invention relates to a hinged lid box comprised of a box part (13), a top and of a collar (15). This collar (15) is designed so that collar lateral flaps (29, 30) are located at a distance from lateral walls (26) of the box. 
The collar lateral flaps (29, 30) are supported by supporting flaps (35, 36; 40, 41) on the lateral walls (26) of the box 
An artificial flagstone for use in combination with other similar flagstones for covering a surface with a natural random look, the flagstone having a generally hexagonal body comprising a first, second, third, fourth, fifth and sixth consecutive vertices; a first pair of generally congruent irregularly-shaped first and second sides extending radially from the first vertex and being rotationally spaced from each other by an angle a of approximately 120°; a second pair of generally congruent irregularly shaped third and fourth sides extending radially from the third vertex and being rotationally spaced from each other by an angle ß of approximately 120°; a third pair of generally congruent irregularly shaped fifth and sixth sides extending radially from the fifth vertex and being rotationally spaced from each other by an angle ? of approximately 120°; wherein the sides of each of the first, second and third pair of sides have at least one split deviation along their length and are respectively rotational images of each other, whereby in use in combination with other flagstones, each one of the sides is matingly engageable with the sides of an equivalent pair of sides of a neighbouring flagstone 
Connectors for joining adjacent modular floor covering units. 
The connectors include a film and an adhesive layer coated on one side of the film. 
To install tiles using the connectors, a first tile is placed on the floor and a connector is positioned so that the adhesive layer faces upward and does not contact the floor. 
The connector is typically positioned so that only a portion of the adhesive layer adheres to the underside of the tile, leaving the remainder of the connector extending from the underside of the tile. 
Tiles are then positioned adjacent the first tile so that a portion of the connector adheres to the adjacent tiles. 
In this way, the connectors span adjacent tile edges. 
The tiles are assembled on a underlying flooring surface without the need to attach them to the floor surface. 
Rather, the tiles are linked to each other with the connectors, so that the tiles create a floor covering that "floats" on the underlying floor surface 
A projection display having a centered projection path through a diverging lens positioned perpendicular and centered with the screen is disclosed. 
Such a centered projection path eliminates image distortion at the center of the screen 
The present invention relates to novel benzopyran ER-ß agonist compounds, pharmaceutical compositions thereof, and use of these compounds to treat a ER-ß mediated disease such as nocturia, obstructive uropathy, benign prostatic hypertrophy, obesity, dementia, hypertension, incontinence, colon cancer, prostate cancer, infertility, depression, leukemia, inflammatory bowel disease, and arthritis. 
Formula (I), wherein G is -O-, -S(O)<su 
Provided is a method of processing wood which allows readily forming of a wood product as well as granting of a suitable strength over a whole area of the wood product. 
In a first compression process, plural wooden pieces(111, 112), that are taken out from uncompressed raw wood so that the wood pieces are larger in volume than finished pieces by an amount to be decreased by compression, are compressed separately in water vapor atmosphere in high temperature and high pressure. 
In a following second compression process, the plural wooden pieces after the separate compression in the first compression process are placed one on another according to a predetermined order and compressed together. 
In each compression process, the wooden pieces are subjected to compressing force for a predetermined time period followed by release from the water vapor atmosphere and drying 
A low pressure hydraulic WC-water cistern exhaust valve lifter which includes a pushing piston (1) which freely sits on a rubber rolling diaphragm (3) and freely slides frictionless in a guide of a low pressure hydraulic cylinder cover (2) . 
A low pressure hydraulic cylinder (4) has an inlet hole and an outlet hole. 
The area of the entry hole is ten times larger of the area of the outlet hole. 
The low pressure hydraulic cylinder (4) is connected on water-main through a magnetic valve (6) operated by an optoelectronic switch (9) 
A hair colouring apparatus comprises upper and lower hinged body parts closable about a lock of hair (58). 
Within the body parts is contained a drive mechanism and a colour applicator (32) so that, when applied to a user's hair and closed, the apparatus moves progressively down a lock of hair (58) applying hair treatment material as it moves 
Disclosed are a method and a device for the contactless detection of the angles of rotation of a rotatable element (10). Said device comprises at least one magnetoresistive sensor element (12) that generates at least one magnetoresistive sensor signal (S<su 
The invention relates to a coating composition comprising a radiation grafted functionalized fluoropolymer. 
This coating is preferably, in the form of a powder coating. The coating can be used on inorganic substrates, especially un-primed metals. 
The invention also relates to the coated inorganic substrate and to the use of the coating composition to protect the inorganic substrate, especially from corrosion 
The invention relates to a sorptive textile composite comprising an air-permeable support for adsorber particles that, on one side, is provided with an air-permeable lining having an adhesive layer. 
The support is a nonwoven, into which loose adsorber particles are introduced, and the nonwoven, at least on one side, is lined with an air-permeable nonwoven 
The invention relates to a window (11, 11a), which can be opened in an outward manner, comprising a casement (13) and stepped glazing (15) which is received in the casement (13). 
The stepped glazing (15) comprises at least two window panes (19, 23) which are arranged at a distance from each other, said window panes being an inner pane and an outer pane. 
The casement (13) is essentially formed by an L-shaped casement profile (25) having a first and a second extremity (27, 29). 
The inner window pane (19) is arranged on the side of the first extremity (27) of the casement profile (25) which is oriented towards the glazing and is rigidly connected thereto by means of a first adhesive connection (33). 
The outer window pane (23) of the stepped glazing is rigidly connected to the front side (31) of the casement profile (25) which is oriented in an outward manner by means of a second adhesive connection (35). 
The layer thickness of the second adhesive connection (35) is greater than the first adhesive connection (33). 
The first adhesive connection (33) is achieved in an advantageous manner by an adhesive strip and the second by a liquid adhesive material 
A wheelchair has a suspension system that includes a front caster housing mounted forward of a wheelchair frame by means of a front linkage. 
The front caster housing supports a front caster. 
A drive wheel pivot arm, on which a mid-wheel-drive drive wheel is mounted, is itself mounted for pivoting with respect to the frame. 
A flexible tension member is connected to both the drive wheel pivot arm and the front linkage. 
The mounting of the flexible tension member is configured so that rotation of the drive wheel pivot arm in a downward direction applies tension to the flexible tension member, causing the upper link to rotate upward, and thereby lifting the caster housing and the front caster 
The invention relates to compositions that prevent expansion of a fire, suppress existing fire, as well as methods of preparing and using such compositions. 
The composition is comprised of water, pseudo-plastic high yield suspending agent and starch. 
Compositions may contain 5 additional functional agents, such as rheological, wetting, foaming, coloring, chelating, antimicrobial and stabilizing agents. 
In the description of the present invention, all composition modifications are referred to as compositions. 
The composition, an augmentation of water, exhibits the characteristics of a sag resistant aqueous gel in the tank, but has shear thinning capacity, allowing the composition to be pumped or sprayed as easily as water. 
At the point of 10 impact,. when the sprayed composition is again at rest, it instantly reverts to a sag resistant aqueous gel. 
The composition also forms an intumescent, surface char layer upon contacting a fire. 
Foaming of the augmented composition on impact can be incorporated, which is advantageous for fighting petroleum fires 
The present invention relates to isolated nucleic acids encoding plant cyclotides. 
The invention also relates to the construction of a chimeric gene encoding all or a portion of the plant cyclotides, in sense or antisense orientation, wherein expression of the chimeric gene results in the production of altered levels of plant cyclotides in a transformed host cell 
A water-base fluid for use in drilling, cementing, workover, fracturing and abandonment of subterranean wells through a formation containing shale which swells in the presence of water. 
In one illustrative embodiment, the drilling fluid is composed of an aqueous based continuous phase, a weighting agent, and a shale hydration inhibition agent. 
The shale hydration inhibition agent should have the general formula (I): in which R and R' independently selected from hydrogen, methyl, ethyl or propyl, and X has a value from 1 to 6. 
The shale hydration inhibition agent is present in sufficient concentration to substantially reduce the swelling of shale drilling cuttings upon contact with the drilling fluid. 
The drilling fluid may be formulated to include a wide variety of components of aqueous based drilling fluids, such as weighting agents, fluid loss control agents, suspending agents, viscosifying agents, rheology control agents, as well as other compounds and materials known to one of skill in the art. 
The fluids may also be used in fracturing and the disposal by reinjection of drilling cutting into a selected subterranean disposal formation 
A response system and method of retrieving user responses from a plurality of users includes providing a plurality of base units and a plurality of response units, each of the response units adapted to receive a user input selection and to communicate that user input selection with at least one base unit utilizing wireless communication. 
Personality data is provided for the response units. 
The personality data facilitates communication with a particular base unit. 
The personality data of a particular one of the response units is changed in order to change which of the base units that response unit communicates. 
This allows a response unit to become grouped with a particular base unit at a particular time and become grouped with another base unit at another particular time. 
The personality data may be obtained from a database 
A moving picture re-encoder capable of creating reproducible correct coded data with a light-load simple processing when coded moving picture data is converted or edited. 
The moving picture re-encoder comprises decoding means (12) for decoding a frame of a moving picture from a coded bitstream, frame selecting means (15) for selecting a frame to be re-encoded from the decoded frame, encoding means (14) for re-encoding only the selected frame, and interval reporting means (13) for computing the frame interval between the re-encoded frame to the next frame to be re-encoded and reporting the computed frame interval to the decoding means (12). 
The decoding means (12) continues the decoding of the bitstream until the time based on the reported frame interval passes. 
The frame selecting means (15) selects the last frame until the time passes as the next frame to be re-encoded 
The adhesiveness of a thermal spray coating and a cylinder internal surface is improved by forming a sufficient roughened surface on an internal surface. 
A processing roller is installed on the main shaft of a processing device via a pressurizing mechanism. 
An uneven surface is provided on the external periphery of the processing roller. 
By pressing the processing roller against the internal surface while the roller rotates and moves, a fine unevenness that corresponds to the unevenness of the roller is formed on the cylinder internal surface. 
A thermal spray coating is formed on the internal surface where the inner surface has been roughened by forming the above-mentioned unevenness 
An interface, apparatus, and method are described for communication between a radio equipment control (REC) node and first and second radio equipment (RE) nodes in a radio base station that transceives information over radio interface using multiple antenna carriers. 
The REC node is separate from and coupled to the first RE node by a first transmission link, and the second RE node coupled to the first RE by a second transmission link. 
Both control information and user information intended for communication between the REC node and the first RE node and the REC and the second RE node are conveyed over the first transmission link. 
The first RE node also conveys information between the REC and second RE node. 
Many advantageous features are described 
The use of clathrate compositions, having non-flammable host and non-flammable guest molecules, especially CO<SUB>2</SUB> hydrate compositions, for fire fighting, is described. 
Methods for the manufacture of dry solid clathrates by allowing an excess of guest to react with an excess of host under clathrate forming temperature and pressure conditions are also described 
A method of servicing a wellbore that penetrates a subterranean formation includes displacing a cement composition comprising an aromatic sulfonated polymer into the wellbore and allowing the cement composition to set. 
In an embodiment, a transition time of the cement composition is less than or equal to about 60 minutes, alternatively less than or equal to about 50 minutes, less than or equal to about 40 minutes, less than or equal to about 30 minutes, less than or equal to about 20 minutes, or less than or equal to about 10 minutes. 
Thus, the transition time may be short enough to inhibit a substantial amount of gas migration into the cement composition before it sets. 
In yet another embodiment, the cement composition exhibits a viscosity that increases from a value of 35 Bc (Bearden units) to about 100 Bc in about 10 minutes or less when the cement composition sets 
A drawer (1) for use in a cabinet (M) in medical-surgical settings, and dental surgeries in particular, consisting of a bottom (2), slidingly coupled inside a space (V) in the cabinet (M), said bottom being surrounded by side walls (3, 4, 5), one of which has an associated front (6) complete with a handle (7) so that a user (U) can maneuver the drawer (1). 
The drawer includes a supporting frame (8, 9) associated with the bottom (2) and coming within the perimeter defined by the side walls (3, 4, 5) containing a plurality of shelves (10) that hold trays (C) of medical-surgical equipment, instruments and/or materials (9) 
The invention relates to method for producing a drill hole (3) in a workpiece (1), using an ultrashort pulse laser (10) which emits laser pulses of very short pulse duration. 
According to said method, a predrilled hole is produced in the workpiece (1), said predrilled hole having a wall and smaller dimensions than the desired final shape of the drill hole (3). 
More material is removed in the area of the wall of the predrilled hole using the ultrashort pulse laser (10) until the drill hole (3) has the desired shape. 
The invention also relates to a device for carrying out the inventive method, which is characterized in that the ultrashort pulse laser beam (100) is deviated by an optical deviation device (20) in such a manner as to machine the wall of the predrilled hole (5) 
The present invention relates to an aminomethyl substituted bicyclic aromatic compound of the formula (I) wherein Ar is a cyclic radical selected from the group consisting of phenyl, a 5- or 6-membered C-bound heteroaromatic radical comprising as ring member 1, 2 or 3 heteroatoms which are, independently of each other, selected from O, S and N, and a phenyl ring fused to a saturated or unsaturated 5- or 6-membered carbocyclic or heterocyclic ring, where the heterocyclic ring comprises as ring members 1, 2 or 3 heteroatoms selected from N, O and S and/or 1, 2 or 3 heteroatom-containing groups each independently selected from NR<SUP>8</SUP>, where R<SUP>8</SUP> is H, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>-alkyl, fluorinated C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>-alkyl, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>-alkylcarbonyl or fluorinated C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>-alkylcarbonyl, and where the cyclic radical Ar may carry 1, 2 or 3 substituents R<SUP>a</SUP>, wherein the variable R<SUP>a</SUP> has the meanings given in the claims and in the description; X is a covalent bond or N-R<SUP>2</SUP>, CHR<SUP>2</SUP>, CHR<SUP>2</SUP>CH<SUB>2</SUB>, N or C-R<SUP>2</SUP>; Y is N-R<SUP>2a</SUP>, CHR<SUP>2a</SUP>, CHR<SUP>2a</SUP>CH<SUB>2</SUB> or CHR<SUP>2a</SUP>CH<SUB>2</SUB>CH<SUB>2</SUB>; is a single bond or a double bond; E is CH<SUB>2</SUB> or NR<SUP>3</SUP>; R<SUP>1</SUP> is H, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>-alkyl, C<SUB>3</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>-cycloalkyl, C<SUB>3</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>-cycloalkylmethyl, C<SUB>3</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>-alkenyl, fluorinated C<SUB>1</SUB>­-C<SUB>4</SUB>-alkyl, fluorinated C<SUB>3</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>-cycloalkyl, fluorinated C<SUB>3</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>-cycloalkylmethyl, fluorinated C<SUB>3</SUB>­-C<SUB>4</SUB>-alkenyl, formyl or C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>3</SUB>-alkylcarbonyl; R<SUP>1a</SUP> is H, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>-alkyl, C<SUB>3</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>-cycloalkyl, C<SUB>3</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>-alkenyl, fluorinated C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>-alkyl, fluorinated C<SUB>3</SUB>­-C<SUB>4</SUB>-cycloalkyl, fluorinated C<SUB>3</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>-alkenyl, R<SUP>2</SUP> and R<SUP>2a </SUP>each independently are H, CH<SUB>3</SUB>, CH<SUB>2</SUB>F, CHF<SUB>2</SUB> or CF<SUB>3</SUB> or R<SUP>1a</SUP> and R<SUP>2</SUP> or R<SUP>1a</SUP> and R<SUP>2a</SUP> together are (CH<SUB>2</SUB>)<SUB>n</SUB> with n being 1, 2 or 3; R<SUP>3</SUP> is H or C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>-alkyl; R<SUP>4</SUP> and R<SUP>5</SUP> independently of each other are H, C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>-alkyl, fluorinated C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>-alkyl or C<SUB>1</SUB>-C<SUB>4</SUB>­-alkoxy or may form, together with N, a 4-, 5- or 6-membered saturated or unsaturated ring; R<SUP>6</SUP> and R<SUP>7</SUP> independently of each other are H or halogen; and the physiologically tolerated acid addition salts thereof. 
The invention also relates to the use of a compound of the formula (I) or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof for preparing a pharmaceutical composition for the treatment of a medical disorder susceptible to treatment with a dopamine D3 receptor ligand 
The invention relates to an axially, very short double clutch gearbox for the front drive. 
The double clutch gearbox can be embodied, in an alternative manner, as a six or as a seven gear gearbox. 
The reverse gear extends over an idler (21) which is used as an intermediate gear and also forms the idler (21) of the second forward gear. 
The forward gear also extends over two rotationally fixed idlers (14, 15) which are coupled together 
A method and apparatus for an address generation circuit. 
In one embodiment, the method includes computing a carry-in for at least one group of a predetermined number of bits of a propagate and a generate signal formed from a plurality of logical address components. 
Once the carry-in is computed, a plurality of conditional sums are generated for a logic 0 carry-in and a logic 1 carry-in. 
Subsequently, a sum is selected from the plurality of conditional sums to form a first portion of an effective address from the logical address components in a first stage and a second portion of the effective address in a second stage. 
In one embodiment, a fully dynamic high-performance sparse tree adder circuit that generates one in four carries, is used to form an address generation circuit, in accordance with one embodiment. 
Other embodiments are described and claimed 
Novel cut flower compositions which yield prompt, complete and homogeneous mixing when delivered in a permeable or semi-permeable container. 
No separate mixing is required, and the resulting solution if free of pH gradients. 
This result is attained by including in the composition one or more compounds that give rise to gaseous effervescence 
A tool container comprising two housing members and an insert. 
The two housing members are pivotally coupled with one another for opening and closing with respect to one another. 
At least one housing member defines a cavity for receiving tools. 
The cavity is defined by a base and a wall extending from the base. 
At least one of the wall and the base include a plurality of first retaining features. 
The insert is operable to retain at least one tool. The insert has a surface with a plurality of second retaining features operable to cooperate with the first retaining features to secure the insert at one of a variety of positions within the housing members. 
The insert includes an elastomeric portion operable to engage and retain the tool 
An integrated circuit having a device with an adjustable parameter utilizes a two signal control protocol to select the device, change the parameter value with or without saving the parameter value in a non-volatile memory, and to write protect the parameter value in the non-volatile memory 
The present invention provides a picture coding apparatus which can reduce a load in decoding. 
A picture coding apparatus (200) includes: a motion estimation unit (201) and a motion compensation unit (202) which codes each picture according to a picture type of the picture; an information generation unit (213) which generates a map that indicates a still picture sequence in a random access unit which includes a plurality of coded pictures; and a variable length coding unit (211) which writes, into the random access unit, the map that is generated by the information generation unit (213) 
A system and method to protect content material enforce copy protection by establishing a secure link (130-230) between two components (100, 200) that process the protected content material in different forms. 
This secure link (130-230) is used to communicate security information derived at a first component material from a source (101) to a second component (200) that derives corresponding security information from the material in a transformed form. 
If the security information from both components is not consistent, the second component (200) prevents subsequent rendering of the content material 
(±)-Atomoxetine oxalate having crystalline Form II and a solid (±)-atomoxetine free base are useful in preparing atomoxetine hydrochloride 
Separated medical detector heads for medical single particle imaging, are all located clustered together at one end of an arc, e.g., over 202.5° or 180° of arc. 
The entire patient can still be imaged, but the patient can enter and exit the imaging area without going between the heads 
An intraluminal stent comprising a helical arrangement of elements defined by a successive series of substantially straight struts connected by apex sections alternately pointing in the opposite directions, wherein at least one apex section comprises two struts attached thereto with a length ratio about 1:2 
A method for distributing software licenses for authorizing the installation of gaming software, by a user, onto a gaming machine is provided. 
The software installation process is initiated and an electronic key containing an encrypted license count interfaces with the gaming machine. 
The encrypted license count represents the number of licenses available for authorizing the installation of a particular gaming software. 
The encrypted license count is accessed and it is determined whether installation is permitted. 
Additionally a processing means for accessing a remote server, via a network connection, and increasing the licensing count stored in the electronic key is provided 
The present invention relates to a method of treating cancer in a subject. 
The method comprises administering to a subject suffering from cancer a therapeutically effective amount of a 24-hydroxylase inhibitor in combination with a second amount of a suitable cancer therapeutic. 
The 24-hydroxylase inhibitor can be coadministered with a chemotherapeutic agent, such an antitumor antibiotic (e.g., mitoxantrone or bleomycin), an alkylating agent (e.g., estramustine or melphalan), a plant alkaloid (e.g., taxenes such as paclitaxel or docetaxel or viva alkaloids such as vincristine or vinblastine) or a combination thereof. 
In additional therapy, the 24-hydroxylase inhibitor can be coadministered as an adjuvant to radiation therapy, such as an external beam irradiation or a radioisotope therapy, such as radiopharmaceutical therapy. 
Further, the 24-hydroxylase inhibitor can be coadministered as part of a combination therapy that includes hormonal ablation 
A conduit passage (10) for use in transfer of hydrogen gas within a hydride system, including tubular members (20, 220, 230) semi-permeable to hydrogen gas, selectively permitting hydrogen gas to pass through but not oxygen or other gases. 
The tubular members (20, 220, 230) may comprise a flexible elastic polymeric material, such as polysulfone, polypropylene or polyethylene, including a central conduit passage (20), for providing hydrogen gas flow, the direction of the hydrogen flow depending on whether hydrogen is being absorbed or desorbed by the metal hydride (16). 
Simultaneously, the tube material (20, 220), acting as a flexible spine, essentially fixes the hydride powder (16) and prevents it from shifting about within the container (10, 110), as well as being carried away in the hydrogen flow. 
Sections (30) of the tubular member material may be interspersed throughout the hydride material to provide for peripheral hydrogen dispersion and to accommodate compressive stress forces that may develop as a result of the expansion of the hydride material (16) during hydrogen absorption 
DNA constructs comprising a first DNA segment that corresponds to at least a portion of a gene in the monolignol biosynthetic pathway, a spacer DNA segment, and a second DNA segment that is complementary to the first DNA segment can be used to reduce or modulate the lignin content in plants. 
In some embodiments, DNA constructs comprise at least a portion of a gene for 4CL, C3H, CCR,C4H, Cald5H, SAD or CCoAOMT. 
Vascular-preferred and constitutive promoters can be used to drive expression of the constructs 
The invention relates to Group 1 metal/porous metal oxide compositions comprising porous metal oxide selected from porous titanium oxide and porous alumina and an alkali metal or an alkali metal alloy. 
The compositions of the inventions are described as Stage 0 and I materials. 
These materials differ in their preparation and chemical reactivity. 
Each successive stage may be prepared directly using the methods described below or from an earlier stage material. 
Stage 0 materials may, for example, be prepared using liquid alloys of Na and K which are rapidly absorbed by porous metal oxide under isothermal conditions, preferably at or just above room temperature, to form loose black powders that retain much of the reducing ability of the parent metals. 
When the low melting Group 1 metals are absorbed into the porous metal oxide at about 150°C, an exothermic reaction produces Stage I material, loose black powders that are stable in dry air. Further heating forms higher stage materials of unknown composition. 
It is believed that Stage I higher materials represent reductions of the porous metal oxide after absorption of the Group 1 metal. Preferred Group 1 metal/porous metal oxide compositions of the invention are those containing sodium, potassium, or sodium-potassium alloys with sodium and sodium-potassium alloys being most preferred. 
Each stage of the Group 1 metal/porous metal oxide composition of the invention may be used as a reducing agent reacting with a number of reducible organic materials in the same manner known for alkali metals and their alloys 
The present invention relates to a method for identifying a metabolic stabilizing compound by: a) contacting a candidate compound with GPR43, and b) determining whether GPR43 functionality is modulated, where a modulation in GPR43 functionality is indicative of the candidate compound being a metabolic stabilizing compound. 
In addition, the invention relates to a method for identifying a metabolic stabilizing compound, comprising: a) contacting a candidate compound with GPR43, and b) determining whether GPR43 functionality is increased, wherein an increase in GPR43 functionality is indicative of the candidate compound being a metabolic stabilizing compound. 
Further, the invention relates to a method for identifying a metabolic stabilizing compound, comprising: a) contacting a candidate compound with GPR43, and b) determining whether GPR43 functionality is decreased, wherein a decrease in GPR43 functionality is indicative of the candidate compound being a metabolic stabilizing compound 
A method of treating organophosphorous (OP) poisoning comprising administering to a mammal at risk for OP poisoning an OP poisoning-inhibiting amount of galantamine 
The method for generating a customized light spectral profile used to generate a corresponding light filter, lamp or other type of light illuminant. 
Wherein a trial light spectrum is generated and a reference light spectrum is determined and used to determine a light source spectrum (110). 
One or more optical indices are calculated using the trial spectrum and one or more of the optical indices are optimized by varying the trial spectrum to generate the customized spectral profile. 
A radiation force parameter can be used to minimize unsafe build-up of light in spectral regions. 
The adaptations of color rendering parameters can be used in the optimization process and the smoothing parameters can be used to enable the easier design of light filter structures. 
A reflectance camera can be used to measure the reflectance data at one or more pixels of a digital representation of an art object to be illuminated 
A method for releasing gas from a gas hydrate without melting the gas hydrate by substituting the gas with a releasing agent that forms a more stable hydrate structure than the gas 
The present invention refers to the method of printing a mat (3) through the process of transferring an image. 
The method relates to transfer an image using a paper web (2) with dye sublimation combined with the controlling of pressure, time and temperature 
The present invention relates to methods for the diagnosis and evaluation of stroke and stroke sub-type. 
A variety of bio-markers are disclosed for assembling a panel for such diagnosis and evaluation. 
Methods are disclosed for selecting markers and correlating their combined levels with a clinical outcome of interest. 
In various aspects: the invention provides methods for early detection and differentiation of stroke subtypes, for determining the prognosis of a patient presenting with stroke symptoms, and identifying a patient at risk for hemorrhagic transformation after thrombolyic therapy. 
Methods are disclosed that provide rapid, sensitive and specific assays to greatly increase the number of patients that can receive beneficial stroke treatment and therapy, and reduce the costs associated with incorrect stroke diagnosis 
The environment protection by the water circulation in case of tanker damage is a procedure that can be applied if a tanker has been damaged by going aground or in a tanker collision and if crude oil, crude oil derivates and any other oils flow out - for a certain quantity that in that moment has been estimated as optimal, for instance 1/10 of the cargo or less, the water from the environment is being pumped by a pump/pumps, and is being directed to a damaged tank by at least one existing pipe-line, where the cargo separates from the water, thanks to the fact that the water is weighty than the cargo, then by the water circulation, taking in and taking out approximately the same quantity of the water, keeping the cargo at the optimal surface height, constantly measuring the surface height level of the cargo up to the "ullage" tank ceiling and reducing the motion by some suitable inert gas 
A liquid crystal structure comprising first and second reflective regions arranged to reflect respective first and second colours. 
The first and second reflective regions are disposed transversely to the direction of reflection. 
Each region includes a reflective back area and a selector controllable to control light reflected from the region 
So-called soft starters as specific antiductors are useful for starting and stopping motors, in particular, three-phase asynchronous motors. 
On start-up, the terminal voltage of the motor is reduced by phase control of the mains supply and, particularly during the start-up, the mains supply and the torque reduced. 
According to the invention, the given threshold conditions are adhered to by means of a self-parameterisation of the adjustment parameters of the soft starter by the controller 
The invention relates to a method for producing a cellulose-based base material, consisting of the following steps: a starting product containing cellulose is mixed with water; the mixture is heated,wherein the product containing cellulose is hydrolyzed; the mixture undergoes a shearing process; in order to comminute the cellulose particles into the nano size range and to obtain the base material; the base material is added to another solid or liquid material containing fiber substances 
Method for determining the regulatory properties of a genetic element, which comprises the following steps: a) introducing a DNA molecule having a DNA-I sequence whose regulatory properties are to be determined into a cell, said DNA-I sequence being linked with an additional DNA-II sequence encoding a laccase from Aspergillus nidulans in such a manner that the regulatory elements of the DNA-I sequence control expression of the laccase, b) cultivating the cells obtained in step (a) under conditions allowing expression of the laccase, c) associating the conditions selected under (b) with the regulatory properties of the DNA-I sequence 
The invention relates to a method for automatically predicting wear caused on a surface of a physical body as a result of at least two movements of said surface relative to another surface of another physical body. 
The original contour with which the surface is provided before the first relative movement starts is determined. 
A sequence (A) encompassing the following steps is performed for each relative movement: a location-specific stress caused by the relative movement is calculated by means of a simulation (S2) that is based on an initial contour (6) of the surface; a location-specific abrasion caused by the location-specific stress is calculated by means of an abrasion calculation (S3); the contour with which the surface is provided following the respective relative movement is calculated by means of a contour calculation (S4) based on the initial contour (6). 
In the first sequence, the original contour (7) is used as the initial contour (6) of the surface while the contour (10) with which the surface is provided following the first relative movement is used in the second sequence 
The aim of the invention is to modify the vertical structure of the heteroepitaxial silicon carbide on silicon structures. This heteroepitaxial silicon carbide is to be annealed with the aid of light pulse irradiation. The vertical structure is to be modified in order to achieve an even melting front. 
To this end, the invention provides that an element that increases the melting point of the substrate is placed by ion implantation under surface of the semiconductor substrate before light pulse irradiation 
The invention relates to novel compounds and methods of using them for modulating sleep 
Generally, the present invention relates to medical devices and more particularly to an computer controlled bottle system for example, for a preterm infant oral feeding. 
An embodiment of the invention is directed to a method for delivering nutritional fluids orally to a preterm infant comprising the steps of measuring the infant's inspired breath to breath amplitude, measuring the infant's intraoral sucking pressure, establishing threshold values for infant's inspired breath to breath amplitude and infant's intraoral sucking pressure, and delivering nutritional fluids to the infant only when the infant's inspired breath to breath amplitude and infant's intraoral sucking pressure both simultaneously satisfy their respective threshold values 
Provided are ionomer compositions neutralized with trivalent cations. 
The melt strength and melt viscosity are higher, and the sensitivity of melt viscosity to temperature is lower, compared to ionomer compositions that contain the same base resin and are neutralized with monovalent or divalent cations only. 
The compositions are suitable for preparing substantially open cell foams used in multilayer structures and articles such as diapers, adult incontinence pads and sanitary napkins 
Described is a low-emission adhesive, whose polymers are dissolved in a mixture of acetone and ethanol. 
The adhesive is characterized by very low emissions of solvents, with otherwise equally good properties compared to standard solvent-synthetic resin based adhesives. 
In particular with respect to viscosity and spreadability, surface tension, depth of penetration, wettability, simplicity and speed of processing, as well as adhesion, gluing strength and adhesive spectrum, the adhesive of the invention is equal to other adhesives based on solvents and thus superior to dispersion-adhesives that are based on aqueous solutions. 
Due to its low solvent emissions and absence of chlorinated solvents, the present adhesive is suitable for applications for which only dispersion-adhesives that are based on aqueous dispersions were reserved until now. This is true in particular for applications in enclosed spaces. 
The adhesive is very suitable for gluing of wooden floors in internal construction work 
A stent is provided that includes at least two stent segments which mate with one another. 
At least one of the stent segments includes a hollow member, and at least one of the stent segments includes a solid member. 
At least one of the solid members is secured to at least one of the hollow members 
The present invention includes compositions and methods for their use wherein the compositions include clusters of coated fluorescent nanocrystals having a select size formed by controlled aggregration of individual coated nanocrystals 
A hybrid vehicle is provided, in which lean limit operation of an engine can be achieved while consumption of electric power of a battery is suppressed when a change of engine torque in the vicinity of a lean limit is suppressed or when an air-fuel ratio is controlled so as to come close to a lean limit during engine operation. 
The hybrid vehicle in which an engine, a motor-generator, and a drive wheel are mutually connected via differential connection means includes a control device which maintains an output of the engine at a constant level by increasing/decreasing an engine rotational speed and decreasing/increasing a rotational speed of the motor-generator in accordance with a decrease/increase of the engine torque in the vicinity of the lean limit 
The invention relates to a method for network load shaping in a mobile radio network (10), whereby data packets in a packet data stream (25) are classified according to a leaky bucket classification system and optionally delayed in a network device (14-1, 16-1) within the mobile radio core network (12), in order to smooth bursts and hence to reduce loss probabilities and the occurrence of delays in the forwarding of data packets from a data source (27), over the mobile radio network (10), to a mobile radio terminal (24) in a simple and economical manner 
The invention relates to the logging or recording of conferences. 
In prior art, the recording device cannot be temporarily stopped or restarted, or if this is possible, the useful data channels remain occupied even when no recording takes place. 
According to the inventive method, devices (EG-A, EG-B, EG-C, AE) can be respectively connected to a conference unit (KE) that controls the conference connection (KV) by means of at least one bi-directional signalling channel (D), at least one incoming useful data channel (B-K) and at least one outgoing useful data channel (B-G). 
To reduce the resources required, the incoming useful data channel(s) (B-K) and/or the outgoing useful data channel(s) (B-G) of a respective device (AE) can be deactivated and/or activated by an authorised subscriber (TLN-I) 
The invention relates to fluorine-modified reactive resin systems having improved surface properties which comprise a) 100 to 300 parts by weight of a binder component (A), capable of polyaddition and/or polycondensation, said binder component (A) having a solids content of 5 to 95 % by weight of the polymer, b) 5 to 100 parts by weight of a functionalizing component (B), capable of polyaddition and/or polycondensation and having a molar weight of 100 to 10.000 Dalton and a fluorine content bound to the polymer of 10 to 90 % by weight, c) 0 to 100 parts by weight of a curing agent component (C) capable of polyaddition and/or polycondensation and having a molecular weight of 100 to 10.000 Dalton, and d) to 300 parts by weight of a formulation component (D), whereby component (A) may contain component (B) optionally in a polymer-bound form. 
It was surprisingly found that fluorine-modified reactive resin systems cannot only be used for hard coating systems or surfaces having very low critical surface tensions ?<SUB>c</SUB> and very high contact angles ?, but that these systems have a substantially reduced dirt pickup behavior as compared to prior art systems 
The invention relates to a pacifier (10) and nipple member (100) for deliver of active ingredients into the oral cavity of an infant or patient. 
The pacifier (10) includes a porous nipple member (100) and a base member (200) adapted to remain outside the oral cavity of the infant. 
The porous nipple member (100) includes at least one reservoir (130) or chamber therein for receiving a thin-film containing an active ingredient. 
The base member (200) may be removably attached to the neck (120) of the nipple member (100), or the nipple (100) and base members (120) may form a single unit. 
Reusable and disposable forms are disclosed 
An integrated circuit may include at least one active optical device including a superlattice including a plurality of stacked groups of layers. 
Each group of layers of the superlattice may include a plurality of stacked base semiconductor monolayers defining a base semiconductor portion and an energy band-modifying layer thereon. 
The energy-band modifying layer may include at least one non-semiconductor monolayer constrained within a crystal lattice of adjacent base semiconductor portions. 
The integrated circuit may further include a waveguide coupled to the at least one active optical device 
A system and method for automatically performing a channel selection procedure in a wireless network includes a forward transmitter that embeds an identifier into forward data that is transmitted over a forward link. 
A forward receiver then receives the forward data on the forward link, and removes the identifier from the forward data. 
A reverse transmitter receives the identifier from the forward receiver, and embeds the identifier into reverse data that is transmitted over a reverse link on a selected reverse channel chosen from among a plurality of available reverse channels. 
A reverse receiver then searches the reverse channels to identify the selected reverse channel containing reverse data with the identifier embedded. 
The reverse receiver may then utilize the identified reverse channel for effectively receiving the reverse data 
A method, apparatus and computer program product for providing dynamic routing support for Half-Duplex Virtual Routing and Forwarding (HDVRF) environments. 
The method, apparatus and computer program function to configure a forwarding Virtual Routing and Forwarding (VRF) table for a router with information to forward incoming packets to a central location within a hub and spoke environment. 
The method, apparatus and computer program also function to populate a routing Virtual Routing and Forwarding (VRF) table for the router with routing information received from ingress interfaces of the router. 
The method, apparatus and computer program function further forwards packets received on egress interfaces of the router according to the forwarding VRF table. 
A catalyst system capable of producing a cyclic olefin polymer having a polar functional group and a high molecular weight with a high yield in which a catalyst is not deactivated due to polar functional groups of monomers, and a method of producing polymers using the same are provided. 
The catalyst system for polymerization of olefin according to the present invention has good thermal and chemical stability, and thus, in the method of preparing polyolefin using the catalyst system, the deactivation of a catalyst due to a polar functional group of the monomer can be prevented, and thus a high yield of the cyclic olefin polymer with a high molecular weight can be obtained when a ratio of the catalyst to the monomer is 1:5000, and the removal of a catalyst residue is not required 
Disclosed is a refrigerator oil composition containing a base oil (A) composed of a polyvinyl ether, an organic sulfur compound (B) having a sulfur content of not more than 35% by mass and a refrigerant (C), wherein the total sulfur content is 0.01-0.1% by mass relative to the total amount of the component (A) and the component (B). 
Such a novel refrigerator oil composition does not cause environmental problems such as ozone depletion and global warming, and is able to maintain the lubrication properties for a long time. 
Furthermore, the refrigerator oil composition does not occlude a capillary in the refrigerating cycle 
The invention relates to a method and device for treatment (1) by evaporation or by a membrane technique of (a) solution(s) of substance(s) with inverse solubility. 
Said method comprises the recycling (4) of a fraction of the treated solution and the precipitation (2) of the substance(s) with inverse solubility in the recycle loop (4) 
The invention relates to equipment for biomechanical stimulation, comprising a base unit, a support unit (4) that is mounted on the base unit in such a way that the position of the support unit can be continuously adjusted in relation to the base unit and a cylindrical stimulation unit (9). The latter contains a drive motor (10) and is connected to the support unit in such a way that during operation it executes a circular or elliptical movement about an axis that differs from the cylinder axis and undergoes a parallel displacement. 
The equipment can used, in particular, for the selective therapeutic treatment of certain parts of the body, preferably the leg or back muscles 
The invention relates to a method for manufacturing R- (-) - sertaconazole mononitrate. 
The invention also relates to R­ - (-)-sertaconazole mononitrate hemiacetonate 
The invention relates to a of manufacturing a silicon dioxide layer (2) of low roughness, comprising the step of: - depositing a layer of silicon dioxide (2) over a substrate (1) by a low pressure chemical vapour deposition (LPCVD) process, the deposition process employing simultaneously a flow of tetraethylorthosilicate (TEOS) as the source material for the film deposition and a flow of a diluant gas that it not reactive with TEOS, so that the diluant gas / TEOS flow ratio is between 0.5 and 100; - annealing said silicon dioxide layer at a temperature between 600°C and 1200°C, for a duration between 10 minutes and 6 hours 
The invention relates to a seawater desalination plant comprising a cascade of evaporation bodies which are connected by a line system which guides the sea water containing salt. 
Each cascade can be impinged upon by low pressure. 
The seawater is guided to the evaporation bodies after having flown through the cascades, such that it can be successively evaporated. 
In order to improve the energy balance of the plant, an arrangement of heat exchangers (WT) is placed at least in the supply line of the sea water and a water pump (WP) is connected to one or several heat exchangers (WT) 
The invention relates to a press moulding tool for the production of a component from at least one first material layer (1) and a second material layer (2) with a moulding tool, determining the shape of the component for production with two tool pieces (11, 12), to carry out the forming of the first material layer (1) and the second material layer (2) and the connection together of both material layers by the bringing together of the first and the second tool piece and with a clamping frame device which comprises a first (21), a second (22) and a third (23) clamping frame element, a cutting device (100), arranged on the third clamping frame element for cutting a projection of the second layer extending between the first and the second tool piece and a method for production of a component 
A conjugate formed in vivo and comprised of endogenous albumin and an amine-containing compound, such as a protein or a drug, is described. 
The conjugate is formed by in vivo cleavage of a polymer-dithiobenzyl-therapeutic agent conjugate to form an albumin-dithiobenzyl-therapeutic agent conjugate. 
The dithiol moiety of the albumin-therapeutic agent conjugate is cleaved in vivo to yield the free therapeutic agent in native form 
Single phase microemulsions improve the removal of filter cakes formed during drilling with invert emulsions. 
The single phase microemulsion removes oil and solids from the deposited filter cake. 
Optionally an acid capable of solubilizing the filter cake bridging particles may also be used with the microemulsion. 
In one non-limiting embodiment the acid may be a polyamino carboxylic acid. 
Skin damage removal from internal and external filter cake deposition can be reduced 
A disposable diaper comprising a topsheet, a backsheet, and an absorbent core disposed between the topsheet and backsheet. 
The topsheet and backsheet define a periphery and longitudinal edges, portions of the longitudinal edges define leg openings when the diaper is worn. 
The diaper has a discrete edge band joined to the longitudinal edges at least at the portions defining leg openings when the diaper is worn. 
An apparatus for affixing a discrete edge band onto a portion of a longitudinal edge of a continuous web and methods for affixing discrete edge band onto a predetermined portion of a longitudinal edge of a continuous web are also provided 
Systems and methods of managing processors provide for detecting a command at a core of a processor having a plurality of cores, where the command requests a transition of the core to an idle state. 
Power consumption of the core is managed based on the command and an idle state status of each of the plurality of cores 
An information recording medium comprises a video object area for recording a video object formed of video object units which is a minimum unit for reproduction, and a highlight information pack which is included in the video object unit 
A compound represented by, e.g., the formula (I): [Chemical formula 1] (I) [wherein X, Y, Z, and W each independently represents optionally substituted methine; A, B, and D each independently represents -C(O)-, etc.; Q represents methine or nitrogen; and R represents a group optionally substituted by lower alkyl, etc. and represented by the formula (II-1): (II-1) (wherein R6 represents lower alkyl, etc.; and R7 and R8 each independently represents lower alkyl, etc.)] or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt of the compound. 
The compound and salt have antagonistic activity against a histamine H3 receptor or inverse agonistic activity against a histamine H3 receptor. 
They are useful in the prevention or treatment of metabolic diseases, circulatory diseases, or neurotic diseases 
A test carrier is provided for inspecting a semiconductor device by holding the semiconductor device in a bare chip status and by electrically connecting the semiconductor device to an inspecting apparatus. 
The test carrier is provided with a probe pin, which is arranged at a position corresponding to an external electrode of the semiconductor device and has elasticity; a first wiring layer which is electrically connected to the probe pin and is formed on a base material; a metal protruding part formed at a part where the probe pin has a contact with the external electrode of the semiconductor device; a metal layer formed on the surface of the metal protruding part; and a second wiring layer formed on the first wiring layer. 
The metal layer and the second wiring layer are separated 
A method for obtaining a status is disclosed in which a server computer and a client computer connected to a network share a printer connected to the server computer, and the client computer enables two-way communication and obtains status information of the printer via the server computer without depending on an operating system. 
A water addition type surfactant composition which comprises a surfactant ingredient comprising at least one of the sodium salts and potassium salts of fatty acids and a chelating ingredient comprising at least one of tetrasodium L-glutamate diacetate, tetrasodium L-aspartate (N,N)-diacetate, disodium N-2-hydroxyethyliminodiacetate, trisodium (S,S)-ethylenediaminesuccinate, trisodium methylglycinediacetate, ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid, nitrilotriacetic acid, etc 
A semiconductor device used as an ID chip is provided, of which operation is terminated when its role is finished or expires. 
According to the invention, an antenna circuit, a voltage detecting circuit, a current amplifier circuit, a signal processing circuit, and a fuse are provided over an insulating substrate. 
When large power is applied to the antenna circuit, a voltage is detected by voltage detecting circuit and a corresponding current is amplified by the current amplifier circuit, thereby the fuse is melted down. 
Also, when an anti-fuse is used, the anti-fuse can short an insulating film by applying an excessive voltage. 
In this manner, the semiconductor device has a function for making it invalid by stopping operation of the signal processing circuit when the role of the device is finished or expires 
A dicarboxylic acid compound obtained by oxidative decomposition of the second sugar residue of the sugar chain of a pradimicin group antibiotic, namely, an antibiotic composed of a benzonaphthacenequinone skeleton, D-amino acid side chain and sugar chain; and a use thereof utilizing its microbe-specific binding capability. 
This dicarboxylic acid compound exhibits a water solubility significantly enhanced over that of the raw antibiotic while retaining the microbe-specific binding capability 
Disclosed is an ink container (10) comprising an ink enclosing portion (11) hermetically containing an ink, an ink injecting portion (12) for introducing the ink held in the ink enclosing portion into a printer, and a cover member (20) for covering the ink injecting portion when the ink container is discarded. 
The cover member (20) has an ink absorbing member (21) 
There is provided a transmittance adjuster unit includes a plenty of transmittance adjusters arranged in a predetermined pattern. 
When the pattern density is ?(x, y), the maximum luminance F<su 
When the battery state is out of an allowable I/O range, a target rotational speed. Ne* and a target torque Te* are set using the operation line at the time of battery limit where the variation of rotational speed caused by a variation of power becomes smaller than that of the normal operation line by setting a higher rotational speed on the low power side than that of the normal operation line, and the engine or motors (MG1, MG2) are controlled using the target rotational speed Ne* and the target torque Te* thus set. 
Deficiency of power incident to the response delay of the engine is reduced by enhancing the response of the engine to a variation of the required power Pe*, and the electric power required to supplement the power deficiency using the power from the motors (MG1, MG2) is inputted/outputted within the I/O limits Win and Wout of the battery. 
Consequently, request power can be outputted smoothly to a drive shaft 
The invention comprises an apparatus for use in the treatment of diabetes in a mammalian patient to at least partly stimulate regeneration of cells in the patient's body. 
The apparatus includes means to generate a combined output signal and means to connect the combined output signal to a patient. 
The combined output signal is generated by summing at least two frequency modulated square wave signals having different unmodulated frequencies and which have been modulated by the same amount of frequency modulation 
The invention relates to a system for controlling the operation of a diesel engine (10) of a motor vehicle, associated with means (13,14) for supplying the cylinders thereof with fuel and with means (20) for recirculating waste gases at the admission thereof. The control system comprises means (16,32) for controlling the supply means (13,14) according to the rotation speed of the engine and an effective torque control point and means (30) for controlling the recirculating means (20) according to the at least one effective torque control point. 
The system comprises means (40) for determining a torque control point which is reconstructed from information provided by means (36, 38) for acquisition of the richness of the waste gas of the engine and air supply at the admission thereof and means (42) for adjusting the means (32) for controlling the recirculating means (20) according to the effective torque control point and the reconstructed torque control point in order to minimize the emission of pollutants by the engine 
The invention relates to a boring head substentially consisting of a body (1) provided with a radial piston (2) for receiving a drilling tool (3) which is clamped in said radial piston (2) by means of a clamping means (4), wherein said radial piston (2) is position-adjustable by means of a micrometric screw (5) and is guided and clamped in the adjusting position by means of a guiding and clamping element and the body also comprises a balancing device (7) provided with flyweights (8, 9). 
The inventive boring head is characterised in that the means (4) for clamping the drilling tool (3) in the radial piston (2) of the body (1) is embodied in the form of a screwing device (10) provided with a movable pin (11) loaded by a spring (12) and the means for guiding and clamping the radial piston (2) in the adjusting position is embodied in the form of an indirect clamping means for radially guiding and clamping. 
The invention is particularly usable for accessories of digitally controlled machine tools, machining plants and for adaptable cells and workshops 
A toy or dummy arm has a grip and a shaft adjacent to said grip and imitating a blade, and an inner core rod extending across the entire length or approximately the entire length of the arm. Said rod consists of a stable material and is surrounded by at least one single-layer sheathing that consists at least partially of a soft foam material and whose outer surface is shaped to correspond to the shape of the arm 
The invention relates to a massive cage (2) for a roller bearing (1), especially a double-row spherical roller bearing. Said massive cage (2) is composed of a circumferential massive cage ring (3) which comprises a row (6, 7) of massive webs (8) on each of the two axial lateral faces (4, 5) thereof, said massive webs (8) extending away from the cage ring (3) substantially in the direction of the bearing axis and being placed at regular intervals from each other. 
The opposite axial surfaces (9, 10) of two adjoining webs (8) of each row (6, 7) are embodied with a concave shape that is adapted to the exterior face (12) of the roller bearing (1) rollers (11) such that one respective cage pocket (13) into which a roller bearing (1) roller (11) can be inserted is formed between said webs (8). 
According to the invention, the longitudinal axis (14) of each cage pocket (13) is provided with a boring angle (ß) that deviates from the pressure angle (a) of the roller bearing (1) to such a degree that the exterior faces (12) of the roller bearing (1) rollers (11) which are inserted into the cage pockets (13) are located at a nearly constant minimized radial distance (v<su 
The invention concerns a sensor that, when exposed to a fluid, develops a measurable characteristic that is a function of the level of an analyte in the fluid and of a calibration quantity of the sensor. 
A calibration quantity is some physical, chemical or other inherent property that the sensor possesses that affects its response to the analyte. 
The sensor includes an RFID tag that receives, stores and conveys information representing the calibration quantity. 
The wireless device is incorporated into or attached to the sensor during the manufacturing process and before the sensor is calibrated. 
The wireless device can be written wirelessly once the calibration has been done. 
This does not involve any additional handling of the sensor and can be done once the sensor has been placed into a protective enclosure. 
Because of this, the process of wirelessly transmitting the calibration information to the wireless device does not alter any pre-existing calibration quantities and neither does it introduce any new calibration quantities, thus preserving the calibration of the sensor even though the sensor has been wirelessly modified to carry information representing its calibration quantity 
A coupon and sweepstakes dispensing system and method of use. 
The method and system include an electronic kiosk at which a coupon is purchased by a customer. 
The coupon includes a free sweepstakes entry. 
The coupon includes a redemption value N-times the purchase price. 
The free sweepstakes entry provides a chance to win items with redemption values M-time purchase price of the coupons. 
The methods and system described herein help retailers and advertisers reach consumers with their product offers. 
Shoppers select to purchase coupons for a nominal fee for the time saved, convenience, value and variety, plus automatically, are entered into a free sweepstakes that can bring cash or credit at the retail establishment where they are shopping 
A system for providing dual 10 GB uplinks in the front side of a single rack unit switch that stacks two MSA X2 I/O devices in a limited space. 
In one embodiment the two X2 I/O devices are mounted on opposite sides of a single circuit board positioned above the motherboard 
A two part biocide composition containing metal ions and bromine donor for killing microorganisms in a body of water and a method of killing microorganisms in a body of water by placing both metal ions and a bromine in the body of water to allow use of lower Concentrations of bromine than if bromine were used alone as a biocide 
A device for sensing pressure using two perforated rigid films in which a diaphragm is mounted between the first two films. 
The device senses positive and negative pressure through a port or opening to the region for which pressure data is desired. 
The device communicates capacitive pressure and changes in that pressure. 
The flexible diaphragm is spaced from the first and second films such that the flexible diaphragm is adapted to flex toward the first film when pressure increases in the opening and is adapted to flex toward the second film when pressure decreases in the opening to change the capacitance between the diaphragm and at least one of the first and second films. 
Spacers are used to position all three elements 
An improved electric coffee making machine comprises an outer casing (10), a pod holder unit (1), an exchanger unit (2) and a piston unit (3). 
The pod holder unit (1) comprises an outer pod holder (11), hinged to the outer casing (10), and a removable funnel (12) made as a separate body; the exchanger unit (2) comprises a plate (21), made as a single body, having a guide (22), for aligning the exchanger unit (2) with the pod holder unit (1) and the piston unit (3), and means (23) for connecting the exchanger unit (2) to the piston unit (3); the piston unit (3) comprises a cylinder (31) housing a piston (32) and a lid (33) drilled for the passage of one end (32a) of the piston (32), having bayonet connecting means (34) designed to connect them in a removable fashion 
A method for performing photo-modification of a biological sample, the method comprising: (a) irradiating the sample; (b) detecting one or more signals based on the irradiated sample; (c) using one or more processor means to analyze the detected signals and determine one or more irradiation parameters, and, (d) returning to (a) conditioned on the irradiation parameters. 
Thus modifications may be determined and executed interactively as an experiment progresses, and therefore directed towards specific structures and/or events identified as of particular interest in the course of the experiment 
Organic materials which possess outstanding stability to oxidative, thermal or light-induced degradation comprise as stabilizers at least one compound of the formula (I) wherein the general symbols are as defined in claim 1. 
The compounds of formula I are es- pecially useful as stabilizers for protecting polymers and lubricants against oxidative, thermal or light-induced degradation and as scavengers for oxidized developer in color photographic material 
A circuit and method for reducing losses in a DC/DC converter by optimizing gate drive voltage. 
The circuit and method detect a change in the output load, or more specifically the output current, and adjust the gate voltage accordingly; in other words, providing adaptive gate drive voltage. 
In response to a reduction of output current, the invention reduces the gate voltage so as to reduce both conduction and switching losses in the semiconductor switching devices in the output stage 
Systems and methods are disclosed for a full duplex wideband communications system for a local (e.g. in-home) coaxial network. 
The system employs a Frequency-division duplex (FDD) scheme that allows identical wideband modems to communicate with each other. 
To achieve this, the wideband modems contain a duplexer and a switch that allows reversing the connection of the wideband transmitter and receiver to the duplexer. 
Each wideband modem includes a control modem that is used to control access to the wideband channels. 
A wideband transmitter, which may be included in a modem associated with a server set-top terminal (STT), transmits a video presentation to a wideband receiver, which may be included in a modem associated with a client STT 
A processing method for depositing porous silica and doped silica films is provided. 
The method uses a cyclic scheme wherein each cycle comprises first codepositing silica with silicon, then selectively removing the silicon to form a porous structure. 
In a preferred embodiment, the codeposition is carried out by plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition. 
The reagent feed stream comprises a mixture of codeposition reagents and a selective silicon removal reagent. 
RF power modulation is used to control the codeposition and the selective silicon removal steps with the later proceeds whenever the RF power is turned off or reduced to a low level. 
A porous film with highly uniform small pores and a desired porosity profile can be obtained with this method. 
This method is advantageous for forming a broad range of low-k dielectrics for semiconductor integrated circuit fabrication. 
The method is also advantageous for forming other porous films for other applications 
A lever type electrical connector assembly includes a first connector. 
A mating assist lever is pivotally movably mounted on the first connector. 
A slide member is linearly movably mounted on the first connector. 
A first cam groove and cam follower mechanism is provided between the mating assist lever and the slide member, whereby pivotal movement of the lever relative to the first connector effects linear movement of the slide member relative to the first connector. 
A second connector is provided with a second cam groove and cam follower mechanism between the slide member and the second connector, whereby the connectors are mated and unmated in response to rotation of the mating assist lever and resulting translation of the slide member. 
A latch member is provided on the slide member and is latchingly engageable with the first connector and releasable by the second connector, whereby the slide member and the mating assist lever cannot move unless the connectors are at least preliminarily mated. 
Complementary interengaging detents are provided between the latch member and the second connector to render at least a tactile indication that the connectors are at least preliminarily mated. 
Therefore, the singular latch member performs a dual function of latching the slide member and mating assist lever as well as providing a tactile feedback of the mating condition of the connectors 
A four-stroke internal combustion engine is operated in controlled auto-ignation mode by any of a variety of valve control strategies conducive to controlled auto-ignation conditions in conjunction with in-cylinder fuel charges that are at either stoichiometric or lean of stoichiometric air-fuel ratios. 
A measure of engine NOx emission is provided and when it crosses a predetermined threshold, the in-cylinder fuel charge is transitioned from the operative one of the stoichiometric or lean stoichiometric air-fuel ratios to the inoperative one of the stoichiometric or lean of stoichiometric air-fuel ratios 
Apparatus and method for separating oxygen directly from air, operating at substantially atmospheric pressure and recuperating energy used for cooling incoming air. 
An ambient air input leads from the atmosphere to a vessel for confining gases. 
A cryocooler has a cooled surface in the vessel for directly condensing oxygen from the air at substantially atmospheric pressure. 
The cryocooler cools the cold surface to a temperature greater than the boiling point temperature of nitrogen and not greater than the boiling point temperature of oxygen for condensing oxygen. 
A liquid/gas separator separates the liquid oxygen from residual gases which both flow out through separate outputs. 
Air is propelled through the system at substantially atmospheric pressure by an air impeller. 
A heat exchanger recovers cooling energy and dehumidifies incoming air by transferring heat from the incoming air to outgoing gases 
It is aimed to confirm confirming the presence or absence of a characteristic peak provided by a blood concentration means (for example, a drainage pump) and surely and accurately detect blood recirculation by decreasing a parameter for determining the ratio of recirculated blood. 
Namely, a blood purification apparatus which comprises a blood circuit (1) consisting of an arterial side blood circuit (1a) and a vein side blood circuit (1b), a blood pump (3), a dialyzer (2), a drainage pump (8) capable of quickly removing water within a short time to thereby provide a peak characteristic to a change in blood concentration and a means of detecting the characteristic peak, and in which blood returned from the vein side blood circuit (1b) into a patient flows again due to the introduction by the artery side blood circuit (1a) based on the characteristic peak detected by the detection means and the thus recirculated blood can be detected, wherein the detection means consists of a first detection means (5a) located in the artery side blood circuit (1a) and a second detection means (5b) located in the vein side blood circuit (1b) 
The present invention relates to a method for the treatment of myocardial infarction. 
In particular the invention relates to the treatment of myocardial infarction using inhibitors of a particular enzyme involved in glucocorticoid metabolism 
The present invention relates to an observation tower, in particular an observation tower having a moveable observation enclosure. 
An embodiment of the observation tower comprises an upright support member (2), and an observation enclosure (3) that can move up and down the support member, wherein the observation enclosure has an annular profile, and in particular a toroid exterior profile 
The invention relates to a pour spout (12) which is intended to be housed in a first access hole of a container (11) for a liquid. 
According to the invention, the pour spout (12) comprises a pour means (15) which moves longitudinally from a first initial position to a second final pour position when a closure means is essentially removed from the container (11), such as to project out from a horizontal plane containing the first access hole of said container (11) 
The present invention relates to a device with a rolled tubular section, the tubular section comprises at least two strips rolled together with the tubular section, the strips placed in suitable distance from each other along the rim of the unrolled tube to ensure unrolling along the rim of the tube in a way that allows the tube to unroll in an even fashion when pulling the strips. 
The invention especially relates to a device wherein at least one area of the tubular section is provided with an adhesive and when rolled the at least one area is in contact with at least a part of at least one of the two strips 
The invention relates to a method for operating systems comprising media that change their state, such as heat pumps, cooling systems, differential pressure drives in which the change/s of state occur/s in or on heat transfer media in a storage device and changes of state take place in a colder and a warmer zone according to the temperature, said zones being chargeable and dischargeable. 
Also disclosed are advantageous further developments of such a method. 
The invention further relates to a device in which heat-exchanging units are composed of two shells that are placed on top of each other and form an interior space. 
Furthermore, disclosed is the use of the inventive method and device for cooling and heating purposes. 
The aim of the invention is to improve efficiency while reducing the amount of material used, extending the regenerative use of heat and cold, and increasing the usefulness for users 
The invention relates to a thermally active flat body with at least one flat chamber provided in the form of a hollow space (7) between two essentially parallel covering plies (2, 3), which are joined to one another by a multitude of linear spacers (4) while being held at a distance from one another. 
The covering plies (2, 3) and the multitude of linear spacers (4) are formed by at least one spacer textile (1), and at least one covering ply (2, 3) has a fluid-tight surface layer (5, 6), and at least one chamber (2) has at least one front covering ply and surface layer (5) that are pervious to light 
An adjusting device for furniture parts comprises an eccentric disk (3) rotationally mounted on a first furniture part. 
The eccentric disk (3) has, on its periphery, two eccentric surfaces (12, 13), which are axially offset from one another, extend in opposite directions with the same slope, and which interact with two opposite abutment surfaces (14, 15) that are axially offset from one another. 
Both abutment surfaces (14, 15) are formed on a housing (5) that accommodates the eccentric disk (3) and is joined to a second furniture part (2) 
A resistance exercise apparatus comprising a mechanism for allowing the machine to inhibit in intervals along a range of motion for an amount of time, movement in a direction caused by an external force applied to a movable surface on the machine, while allowing movement of the surface in the opposite direction to the external force, wherein said movable surface is linked to a resistance source 
A modular system and method is for displaying and controlling a host computer application interface using a real-time video and control stream to a remote digital media receiver client is disclosed. 
The continuous graphical display pixels and audio of a host computer application interface window are divided into time segments of a predetermined length. 
These segments are then subsequently coded as video and audio streams. 
These video and audio streams are then sent to a remote digital media receiver client where they are decoded for display on a television device or played back on an audio system. 
The host computer application interface is controlled by user commands that originate at the remote digital media receiver client. 
The commands are sent over a control channel that is established between the host computer and the digital media receiver 
A valve assembly includes a housing having a valve bore, a valve seat, and at least one port communicating with the bore. 
A moveable plunger resides in the valve bore and selectively seals against the valve seat. 
A bobbin integral with the housing has a solenoid bore adjacent to and coaxial with the valve bore. 
A moveable armature resides in the solenoid bore and has an operating rod connected to the plunger. 
A pole piece resides in the solenoid bore adjacent the armature. 
A solenoid coil is wound about the bobbin. 
A flux conductor partially surrounding the bobbin, pole piece, and armature. 
An assembly method includes flowing air through the port, inserting the plunger or another sealing element into the bore while monitoring the fluid flow; and stopping the plunger or sealing element when the flow is at a preselected condition 
The invention relates to a liquid vehicle that can be used to create suspensions and/or solutions of liquid or powdered medications. 
The vehicle is thixotropic and has improved stability and rheologic characteristics. 
Vehicles of the invention include an aqueous medium and a suspending agent comprising a polysaccharide having at least 50% glucose repeating saccharide units and at least 90% beta linkages. 
The polysaccharide can be a starch, modified starch, or glycogen. 
The aqueous medium and individual components of the vehicle provide a palatable and easily ingested drug preparation. 
The invention also provides a vehicle containing an aqueous medium, suspending agent comprising a polysaccharide having at least 50% glucose repeating saccharide units and at least 90% beta linkages, buffer, and artificial sweetener, the combined suspending vehicle having a pH of about 3 to about 10 and an osmolality of 300 mOmsol or less 
The present invention relates to the compounds of Formula (I), their preparation and pharmaceutical compositions comprising them. 
The compounds and pharmaceutical compositions are useful, for example, for the treatment and prevention of obesity, obesity-related disorders and eating disorders 
Described herein are compositions and methods for the treatment of cancer, and particularly brain cancer (e.g., glioma) in a mammal. 
In various embodiments of the invention, a combined therapeutic approach including TK with systemic ganciclovir administration and Flt3L are used in connection with gene therapeutic techniques or direct peptide injection for the aforementioned indications. 
Kits useful in practicing the inventive method are also disclosed, as are animal models useful for studying brain cancer 
Methods and materials involved in detecting fungi in human samples are provided herein 
Methods and pharmaceutical preparations for treating heart failure by administering to a human or animal subject a therapeutically effective amount of at least one substance selected from the group consisting of a) SOD mimics (e.g., Tempol), b) NADPH oxidase inhibitors (e.g., Apocynin) and c) other substance that inhibit or reduce the amount of superoxide present in the affected tissues (e.g., the subjects heart and/or blood vessels) and/or increase levels of nitric oxide 
A flexible coupling including a first hub having an inner face, a flexible insert having a plurality of exterior lobes and a plurality of interior lobes, a retainer ring having an interior which engages the exterior lobes of the flexible insert, and a second hub having an exterior surface contoured to engage the interior lobes of the flexible insert 
Certain embodiments include a system and method for generating verification of access to a venue. 
A system includes an access device allowing access to a venue based on authentication data from a patron without presentation of a paper ticket or physical material created for the venue and a verification generation module generating a verification of access for the patron. 
The verification allows identification of an area and/or a feature to which the patron is allowed access. 
The access device and verification generation module may be integrated into a single unit. 
The system may also include a secondary access point for checking the verification to allow the patron access to at least one of an area and a feature of the venue. 
The secondary access point may check the verification without presentation of a printed material or personalized physical material created for an event at the venue 
A method of determining a temperature and a pressure in a tank is provided. 
The method comprises the steps of obtaining sensor data and calculating coefficients. 
Then, a bridge resistance is ratiometrically determined from a bridge voltage. 
A temperature is calculated with the coefficients and the bridge resistance. 
Thereafter, a transition from a temperature measurement mode to a pressure measurement mode is made. A voltage per resistance is calculated with the coefficients and a differential voltage. 
Then, a normalized voltage is calculated using the voltage per resistance, the differential voltage, and the bridge resistance to indirectly compensating for temperature. 
A pressure is calculated with the coefficients and the normalized voltage 
An apparatus for use in self-tanning is provided. 
The apparatus includes a wand for dispensing a self-tanning solution to a user's body. 
The solution is contained in an aerosol container having a dispensing mechanism. 
The apparatus comprises a receiving means for attaching the aerosol container to the wand, and a triggering means coupled to the receiving means for actuating the dispensing mechanism. 
The triggering means includes a trigger configured for actuation by a user of the apparatus, an engagement mechanism configured for engaging and actuating the dispensing mechanism, and a linkage mechanism coupling the trigger mechanism to the engagement mechanism. 
Actuation of the trigger by the user results in actuation of the dispensing mechanism. 
The present invention provides genes and their expression patterns, wherein the expression patterns are associated with autoimmune diseases, particularly with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and Wegener's granulomatosus, ANCA+ vasculitis (WG). 
The invention provides a group of 1645 genes and a number of sub-groups of the 1645 genes the expression patterns of which are useful in methods of identifying autoimmune diseases, differential diagnosis of autoimmune disease, particularly SLE, and classification of diseases, such as SLE and WG into disease sub-groups that are related to the disease activity. 
The invention also provides methods for differentiating SLE from other autoimmune diseases. 
The invention further provides a method for predicting SLE flare-ups by analyzing the expression pattern of a group of genes. 
The invention provides a fast, accurate, and inexpensive method of continuously monitoring SLE patients throughout their lives for prediction of flare-ups. 
The invention also provides a fast, accurate and inexpensive way to detect medication induced lupus 
The present invention relates to methods of screening for inhibitors of M. tuberculosis, assays for use in such methods, as wells as methods and compositions for treating or preventing M. tuberculosis infection comprising inhibitors of M tuberculosis identified by the methods and assays of the present invention 
A first and/or a second communications system may provide communications service over a geographic area. 
A method of operating the first and/or the second communications systems may include generating a measure of aggregate interference reaching a satellite of the second communications system substantially from devices of the first communications system. 
The measure of aggregate interference reaching the satellite of the second communications system may be transmitted to an element of the first communications system 
The present invention relates to a solid laundry detergent composition comprising: (a) from 0.1wt% to 10wt% of an alkoxylated anionic detersive surfactant; (b) from 1wt% to 25wt% of an non-alkoxylated anionic detersive surfactant; (d) from 0wt% to 4wt% zeolite builder; (e) from 0wt% to 4wt% phosphate builder; and (f) from 0wt% to 10wt% silicate salt 
Implantable devices and methods for delivering drugs and other substances to locations within the body of a human or animal subject to treat or diagnose sinusitis and a variety of other disorders. 
The invention includes implantable substance delivery devices that comprise reservoirs and barriers that control the rate at which substances pass out of the reservoirs. 
The delivery devices may be advanced into the body using guidewires, catheters, ports, introducers and other access apparatus. 
In some embodiments the delivery devices may be loaded with one or more desired substance before their introduction into the body. 
In other embodiments the delivery devices are loaded and/or reloaded with a desired substance after the delivery device has been introduced into the body 
Apparatus for dividing medicinal tam ets is disclosed. 
Apparatus according to the invention may include a plurality of tablet dividing members, a tablet retention mechanism adapted to hold one or more medicinal tablets, and a controller that causes the tablet retention mechanism to move relative to the tablet dividing members to divide the medicinal tablets into respective pluralities of tablet portions. 
Apparatus according to the invention may include a tablet retention mechanism adapted to hold a medicinal tablet and a controller that causes the tablet retention mechanism to move relative to the tablet dividing members to divide the medicinal tablet into at least three tablet portions. 
A method for packaging medications according to the invention may include dividing each of a plurality of medicinal ta+ets into a respective plurality of tablet portions, separating the tablet portions to form a first plurality of tablet portions and a second plurality of tablet portions, and packaging the pluralities of tablet portions as separate packages. 
A first plurality of the tablet portions may have a first shape while a second plurality of the tablet portions has a second shape that is different from the first shape 
In a first aspect, the present invention is a method that includes establishing a relationship between a mobile device and a service, utilizing the service to authorize a guest relationship between the mobile device and a wireless network with which the mobile device has no preexisting relationship, and in response to receiving authorization from the service, utilizing the services provided by the wireless network. 
Through aspects of the present invention, the mobile device is permitted to access the wireless network as a guest without requiring additional manual intervention from a user of the mobile device. 
In a second aspect, the present invention is a system that includes a wireless network, a device enabled to engage in wireless communications, and a service coupled to the network via a public network. 
According to the second aspect, a relationship between the service and the device is estate fished so that the service can be utilized by the device to authorize a guest relationship between the device and the wireless network, thereby allowing the device to access the wireless network as a guest without requiring additional manual intervention from a user of the mobile device 
A method for making a low carbohydrate high protein puffed snack food product. 
Ingredients comprising soy isolate, soy concentrate, corn meal, and water are introduced into an extradate. 
The ingredients are extruded through a die orifice at a high specific mechanical energy. 
The ingredient formula ranges have been determined that maximize volumetric expansion and the set operating conditions and keep texture, color, and flavor acceptable. 
The puffed snack is then dried and seasoned. 
There are minimal off-flavors in the product 
A flame detection system includes a plurality of sensors for generating a plurality of respective sensor signals. 
The plurality of sensors includes a set of discrete optical radiation sensors responsive to flame as well as non-flame emissions. 
An Artificial Neural Network may be applied in processing the sensor signals to provide an output corresponding to a flame condition 
In order to provide a method of detaching a thin semiconductor circuit (1) from its base (2), wherein the semiconductor circuit (1) is provided with terminals (3) for electrical contacting, in particular with gold contacts, by means of which method thin semiconductor circuits (1) can also be mounted without damage for example directly on a chip card, it is proposed that a layer of soldering tin (6) is applied to a support substrate (4), the support substrate (4) is soldered to the electrical terminals (3) and the base (2) of the semiconductor circuit (1) is removed 
The invention relates to an Anti-Scatter-Grid (ASG) with lamellae (2) that absorb incident radiation (1, 8) and that produce an electrical signal proportional to the amount of absorbed radiation. 
The lamellae (2) may particularly consist of a semiconductor material in which photons produce electron-hole pairs that can be detected with the help of electrodes (3, 4, 6) on the sidewalls of the lamellae (2). 
The amount of absorbed scattered (8) or primary (1) radiation may thus be determined in a spatially resolved way, allowing to correct the image generated by an array (5) of sensor units (9) 
The inventive method for assembling parts of a clothing article consisting of at least one first (21) and one second (22) parts assembleable with each other consists in superimposing the first (21) and second (22) parts in such a way that the respective internal surfaces thereof (21a, 21b) are placed oppositely to each other, in welding the parts (21, 22) along a determined seam (25), in laying flat said two parts in such a way that the seam (25) is disposed on the external side and in applying a strip (30) reinforcing the seam (25) to the external side of the article. 
The thickness of the seam is approximately equal to 1 mm 
The invention relates to a device (1), particularly a plug-in card, for a data processing device (2), e.g. for a computer, a printer or the like, the data processing device (2) being networked with at least one other data processing device (4, 6). 
The data processing device (2) comprises a main board (22) with interfaces (26, 28, 30, 32, 34, 36, 40, 42) for other components of the data processing device (2) and/or for the interaction of the data processing device (2) with a user including an interface (34, 36, 38) for sending and/or receiving data to or from a peripheral unit of the data processing device (2). 
The device (1) is connected to a controller (14) via a network (16). 
The invention is characterized in that the device (1) has a power supply over the network (16), said power supply being independent from the data processing device (2), and that the device (1) is connected to at least one of the interfaces (34, 36, 38) for sending and/or receiving data to or from a peripheral unit of the data processing device (2) 
The present invention provides compositions and methods for the controlled release delivery of one or more biologically active compounds to a subject. Specifically, the invention provides for a pharmaceutical composition for the controlled release delivery of biologically active compounds to a subject comprising: a) a complex of a biologically active compound having at least one basic functional group and a polyanion derived from hexahydroxycyclohexane having at least two negatively charged functional groups; and b) a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier comprising a biodegradable, water-insoluble polymer. 
By complexing a biologically active compound with a polyanion, the tight, stable complex may be incorporated into a long­ acting dosage system having a more desired drug release curve over time than that is found in the prior art. 
The invention also provides the methods of making such compositions and the methods of use thereof 
The present invention relates to dispersion compositions comprising synthetic oils or other heat transfer fluids and fine particles. 
The compositions also comprise at least one dispersant. 
The dispersion compositions have improved thermal conductivity properties, which may translate to improved energy efficiency performance in a variety of heat transfer applications. 
Such applications include vapor compression air conditioning and refrigeration systems of all types, secondary heat transfer fluids, and other heating or cooling fluid applications 
A battery (10) includes a cathode (12) having an oxide containing one or more metals and pentavalent bismuth, an anode (14), a separator (16) between the cathode and the anode, and an alkaline electrolyte. 
The metal (s) can be an alkali metal, an alkaline earth metal, a transition metal, and/or a main group metal. 
The separator can be ion-selective or capable of substantially preventing soluble bismuth ionic species from diffusing from the cathode to the anode 
A video system includes an immersive camera system and a pan-tilt-zoom camera system. 
Each camera system is operable to capture a video image of at least a portion of an environment. 
A video display is operable to view at least portions of the images captured by the camera systems 
The present invention provides compositions and methods for diagnosing and treating obesity, diabetes and insulin resistance. 
In particular, the invention provides methods of identifying modulators of the polynucleotides or polypeptides of the invention and using those modulators to treat obesity and/or diabetes, as well as methods of diagnosing obesity and/or diabetes by measuring the levels of the polynucleotides or polypeptides of the invention in a patient 
A heat exchanger apparatus enables the temperature of a liquid located external to the apparatus in a recirculation loop to be controlled by heat transfer within the apparatus. 
The apparatus has heat transfer tubes which may be helically wound around a fluid directional component. 
A manifold fitting is also provided for distributing fluid from multiple conduits to a single conduit 
Methods of treating degenerative disc disease with electrical stimulation. 
In one embodiment, a patient in need of treatment for degenerative disc disease is administered a pulsed electromagnetic field (PEMF) having repetitive pulse bursts approximately 5 ms in duration, with a pulse burst repetition rate of approximately 15 Hz. 
IN another embodiment, degenerative disc disease is treated using capacitively coupled electrical stimulation. 
A subject diagnosed as having degenerative disc disease is treated by placing first and second electrodes on the subject's body at the site of an identified disc in a state of degenerative disc disease, and applying an electric field to the identified disc via the first and second electrodes with the intent to treat the degenerative disc disease. 
The electric field is created with an electrical signal having a frequency within a range of 20 to 100 kHz and having a symmetrical waveform with an amplitude within a range of 0.1 to 20 volts peak-to-peak, preferably a frequency of approximately 60 kHz and an amplitude of approximately 5 volts peak-to-peak 
An apparatus for cleaning, back-flushing and rinsing a filter comprising a holding tank, a lower compartment, one or more perforated armatures, one or more filters, and one or more screw caps. 
The lower compartment comprises one or more threaded receivers, and the perforated armatures screw into the threaded receivers. 
The lower compartment further comprises an inlet and a main drain and is sealed so that water entering the lower compartment through the inlet can only travel out the main drain or up through the threaded receivers and perforated armatures. 
Each filter is placed over a perforated armature, and a screw cap is placed on top of each filter to hold it in place. 
The holding tank comprises one or more overflow drains, handles and a lid. 
A method of using the apparatus described above to clean a filter 
An interconnect device includes a data switch and a control switch coupled in parallel between multiple input lines and a plurality of output ports. 
The interconnect device comprises an input logic element coupled between the multiple input lines and the data switch. 
The input logic element can receive a data stream composed of ordered data segments, insert the data segments into the data switch, and regulate data segment insertion to delay insertion of a data segment subsequent in order until a signal is received designating exit from the data switch of a data segment previous in order 
A low fringing film coating includes a transparent polymeric layer having a surface, and a plurality of projections extending away from the surface. 
The projections have a mean height of 0.05 to 1 µm and a mean distance between projections of 0.5 to 2 mm. 
The coating can be produced by coating a polymeric composition onto a substrate. 
The polymeric composition includes a polymeric material, a good solvent for the polymeric material and a poor solvent or the polymeric material. 
The solvents are at least partially evaporated to form a low fringing transparent polymeric layer 
The present invention provides a bacterium which has an ability to produce a useful metabolite derived from acetyl-coenzyme A, such as L-glutamic acid, L-glutamine, L-proline, L-arginine, L-leucine, L-cysteine, succinate, and polyhydroxybutyrate, wherein said bacterium is modified so that activities of D-xylulose-5-phosphate phosphoketolase and/or fructose-6-phosphate phosphoketolase are enhanced. 
The present invention also provides a method for producing the useful metabolite using the bacterium 
The invention relates to a physiological sensor system (1) for recording electric measuring signals in a magnetic resonance device, comprising at least one measuring electrode (3, 4, 5, 14, 15, 61), a signal amplifier unit (6) in a shielded housing (2) that is placed in close proximity to a patient and a signal processing unit (11) for preparing the measuring signals. According to the invention, the measuring electrode (3, 4, 5, 14, 15, 61) is connected to the signal amplifier unit (6) via a cable connection (26). 
The invention is characterised in that the cable connection (26) comprises a low-ohm conductor (35, 41), which is connected to the measuring electrode (x) by means of a first electric resistor (33) on a first end and to the signal amplifier unit (6) by means of a second electric resistor (37) on a second end. The resistors (33, 37) have a resistance value that is at least of the order of the electric resistance between the skin (60) and the measuring electrode (3, 4, 5, 14, 15, 61). 
The development of heat caused by an induced current is concentrated on the resistors (33, 37), so that there is no risk of burning to the patient 
A method of reducing power consumption by waking a wireless device based on hashing a unique identifier of the wireless device is disclosed. 
A hash function is applied to a unique identifier; a wakeup time is determined based on the hashed unique identifier; and the wireless device is awoken at the wakeup time 
Disclosed are adhesive compositions comprising nonfunctionalized base resins and functionalized ethylene copolymers such as ethylene/maleic anhydride (E/MAH) or ethylene/ethyl hydrogen maleate (E/MAME) copolymer, which are synthesized directly in a high pressure autoclave. 
These adhesive compositions can be applied as self-supporting films or can be co-extruded or extrusion coated onto a substrate. 
Also disclosed are multilayer structures, films, pipe coatings and building panels comprising these compositions 
An embodiment of the present invention is a method for generating software components from one or more business rule statements expressed in a language. 
Symbols of a vocabulary of a language and business rule statements expressed using the symbols of the vocabulary of the language are received as input. 
The language has grammatical rules. 
Each of the business rule statements is parsed in accordance with the grammatical rules to generate a language-based structure. 
The language-based structure is processed to generate an expression model. 
The expression model is processed to generate a logical model. 
The logical model is processed to generate platform-independent implementation model in response to a user request for such generation. 
A target platform description is received. 
The platform-independent implementation model is processed to generate a platform-specific implementation model using the target platform description. 
Software components are generated from the platform-specific implementation model for deployment 
An access port assembly having an ultrasonic weld energy director and method of assembling the access port utilizing the energy director. 
The access port may include a dual chamber port base 4 and a port top 2 for securing two septa 3 on the base 4. 
An energy director 6 may be positioned on the top end of the port base 4 and a corresponding flat mating surface 5 may be provided on the underside of the port top for receiving the energy director 6 . 
Once the port top is aligned on the top of the port based with the septa 3 positioned in-between , far field welding may" be implemented to connect the port top to the port base. 
The access port assembly may be further configured such that when the components are assembled for welding, the weld area is confined from air surrounding the port assembly 
The invention concerns a method (300) and system (100) for improving voice quality of a vocoder (138, 158). 
The method includes the steps of monitoring (312) a pitch of a voice signal (400) at a transmitting unit (110); when the pitch of the voice signal reaches a predetermined threshold (840), shifting (326) the pitch of the voice signal to at least a portion of a predetermined range (810); transmitting (338) the pitch-shifted voice signal to a receiving unit (112); and at the receiving unit, reshifting (342) the pitch-shifted voice signal to a level that compensates the step of shifting the pitch of the voice signal at the transmitting unit 
A system for removing paint and other coatings from hard surfaces is mounted on a truck for over-the-road travel. 
The truck bed carries a high power vacuum pump, a self propelled tractor with an attached blast head, a liquid reservoir, a sump or vacuum tank, and a ramp for loading the tractor. 
The reservoir is connected to a low pressure pump that transfers water to the high pressure pump. 
The high pressure pump is connected to the blast head by a high pressure hose. 
A vacuum hose is connected to the sump which has an internal enclosure for separating the waste materials from the liquid for easy dumping of semi dried materials 
The present invention provides novel human glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1)-receptor modulators that have biological activity similar or superior to native GLP-1 peptide and thus are useful for the treatment or prevention of diseases or disorders associated with GLP activity. 
Further, the present invention provides novel, chemically modified peptides that not only stimulate insulin secretion in type II diabetics, but also produce other beneficial insulinotropic responses. 
These synthetic peptide GLP-1 receptor modulators exhibit increased stability to proteolytic cleavage making them ideal therapeutic candidates for oral or parenteral administration. 
The peptides of this invention show desirable pharmacokinetic properties and desirable potency in efficacy models of diabetes 
A compound represented by the general formula (I): [wherein Ar<su 
An environmentally friendly binder for a calendar has a bar (12) of a suitably bio-degradable material. 
The bar may be of wood, cardboard, fibrous plant material, or a biodegradable synthetic plastics material. It is non-metallic. 
The bar may be secured directly to a calendar sheet or via securing pieces of a fabric like material (32). 
The securing pieces may be strips or tabs (62). 
The binders may be supplied in roll form (50), with the bars fast with a web or ribbons. 
The bars or securing pieces may be adhesively secured to the calendar sheets. 
An apparatus for securing the environmentally friendly binders to a calendar sheet has an adhering means for adhesively securing the bars or securing pieces to the calendar sheets 
A pharmaceutical composition for malignant tumour embolisation comprises a polymer and, associated with the polymer in a releasable form, a COX inhibitor, e.g. a non-steroidal anti inflammatory drug, such as ibuprofen. 
The polymer is preferably-in particulate form, such as in the form of microspheres. 
A suitable polymer is a crosslinked polyvinyl alcohol polymer formed by the copolymerisation of PVA macromer with other ethylenically unsaturated monomers. 
The composition provides a synergistic treatment for the symptoms of malignant tumours, leading to tumour necrosis or ischaemia, with anti-angiogenic effects, promotion of apoptosis, decrease in invasiveness of tumour cells and resultant tumour regression 
A method of measuring the lustre of a surface having a metallic appearance comprises a) determining the intensity of the various wavelengths of light reflected from an area of the surface; b) producing from the reflected light measurements a set of CIE L*a*b* coordinates for the surface with the specular content of the reflected light included and a set of CIE L*a*b* coordinatess for the surface with the specular content of the reflected light excluded; c) converting each set of CIE L*a*b* coordinates into its tristimulus values; d) converting the tristimulus values for each set of CIE L*a*b* values into spectral reflectance data for each set of tristimulus values; and, e) converting the spectral reflectance data for each set of tristimulus values into a lustre measurement for the surface which is a function of the difference between the sum of spectral reflectance data for the set wherein specular content is included and the sum of spectral reflectance data for the set wherein specular content is excluded 
The invention relates to a filtration membrane (1) for filtering liquid through a porous wall (2) from or to at least one long inner channel (3) for transporting the liquid to be filtered or filtered liquid. A plurality of thicknesses (10) which are interspaced in the axial direction are provided on the outer periphery (9) of the filtration membrane (1) 
The invention relates to a security module (1) and a method for controlling and monitoring the data traffic of a personal computer (10). 
The security module (1) comprises several functional components, which are implemented by means of respective hardware and/or software. 
Said functional components comprise: a programmable logic unit (2), in which a processing and control device for processing the electronic data that is exchanged between the functional components is implemented; a processor terminal (3), which is connected to the programmable logic unit (2) for exchanging electronic data with a central processor (11) of the personal computer (10); a hard disk terminal (4), which is connected to the programmable logic unit (2) for exchanging electronic data with a hard disk (12) of the personal computer (10); peripheral equipment terminals (5), which are connected to the programmable logic unit (2) for exchanging electronic data with peripheral equipment (13) that is coupled to the personal computer (10) and for data entry and/or data output; and a memory module (6), which is connected to the programmable logic unit (2) and comprises initialisation data for the latter (2). 
According to the invention, the programmable logic unit (2) is configured to initialise autonomously in order to enable the processing and control device in the programmable logic unit (2) to function independently with the aid of the initialisation data 
The present disclosure concerns methods of crystallization and/or concentration of antibody or antibody fragments. 
The methods comprise contacting an antibody or antibody fragment with a solution comprising a salt of a divalent cation. 
Crystals and/or protein gels of antibody or antibody fragments are useful in compositions and formulations 
A system and method are provided to preserve the confidentiality and/or integrity of a sensitive communication from its source to its destination whether locally on the platform, between platforms, or even the same program over time 
The invention provides press brake technology. 
In more detail, the invention involves a press brake tool holder (TH) having a thermally-responsive actuator (A). 
In certain embodiments, the actuator comprises a thermally-expandable polymer and/or a shape-memory alloy 
biodegradable outdoor insect bait station for offering a toxic bait to a target insect. 
The bait station includes a bait matrix (2) together with a housing (3) for holding the bait matrix. 
The bait matrix has a core (14) of toxic bait material and a biodegradable coating (15). 
When placed outdoors, moisture permeates the coating and liquifies the bait core making the entire matrix a food source for the target insect. 
The housing for holding the bait matrix may also be made biodegradable 
Personalized advertisements are provided to a user using a search engine to obtain documents relevant to a search query. 
The advertisements are personalized in response to a search profile that is derived from personalized search results. 
The search results are personalized based on a user profile of the user providing the query. 
The user profile describes interests of the user, and can be derived from a variety of sources, including prior search queries, prior search results, expressed interests, demographic, geographic, psychographic, and activity information 
A laser processing system for precision manufacturing is operated by adjusting a scan lens within the system to create a wide variety of features on a workpiece. 
The zoom scan lens is adjusted continuously within the system to alter radius of an annulus of the processing beam(s), resulting in change of feature size on the final workpiece. 
The zooming of the scan lens may be performed in combination with adjustments to the laser power and dwell time in order to maintain optimum power-per-unit area for high-quality laser processing. 
The invention is well-suited for drilling tapered, conical holes, such as those found in inkjet nozzles, but may be applicable for processing tapered or non-tapered features of almost any geometrical shape 
An inkjet recording element comprising a support having thereon in order, from top to bottom, a fusible, porous uppermost layer comprising fusible polymeric particles, which particles comprise a thermoplastic polymer with reactive functional groups, the uppermost layer further comprising a multifunctional compound having complementary reactive functional groups capable of crosslinking the reactive functional groups on the thermoplastic polymer 
An anvil for use with pneumatic ratchet wrenches that includes the capability for quick, releasing and changing of the anvil from the wrench. 
An anvil system that includes a coupling mechanism in the wrench that retains the anvil and a wrench and method that employs same is disclosed 
A method and system is presented for automatically selecting a region of interest (ROI) within an image of an object, for example when performing non-rigid image registration between the image and another image of the object. In this way, the need for user interaction can be minimized or eliminated during image registration. 
The ROI is determined by defining an entropy measure H of the image, and selecting the region within the image in which the entropy measure is maximized, In this way, the ROI is optimized to contain as much information as possible. 
In one embodiment, the entropy measure H is a modified Shannon entropy, defined by H = - S I P(I) log P(I), where I is the value of the image intensity level, and P(I) is the probability of an image intensity value I occurring within the ROI 
A method and system is presented for tracking patient motion in image guided surgery, using skeletal reference structures instead of fiducial markers. 
A non-rigid 2D/3D image registration is performed between pre-operative 3D scan data and intra-operative 2D images. 
The CT numbers are modified to compensate for the difference between the ratio of bone-to-tissue attenuation at the CT scan energy level, and the x-ray projection energy level. 
DRRs are generated from the modified CT numbers. 
An ROI, within which the image registration is restricted, is defined within the DRRs by calculating a modified Shannon entropy for each image, and seeking the region in which the image entropy is maximized. 
The DRRs and 2D images are enhanced by applying a top hat filter to increase the visibility of the skeletal structures. 
The 2D/3D transformation parameters are determined by generating a full motion field that accounts for non-rigid motions and deformations. The full motion field that accounts for non-rigid motions and deformations. 
The full motion field is derived by estimating a plurality of local motion fields, using multi-level block matching and a similarity measure based on pattern intensity 
A method and system is presented for generating a full motion field of an object, when performing non-rigid image registration between a first and a second image of the object. 
A mesh grid generator (310) generates in the first image a mesh grid having a plurality of mesh nodes, for each of a hierarchy of mesh resolution levels. 
A nodal motion estimator (320) estimates, for each me node, at least one nodal motion vector that describes a matching of the mesh node with a corresponding mesh node in the second image. 
At each mesh node, multi-level block matching is performed, using a similarity measure based on pattern intensity. 
A smoothness constraint is imposed, in order to reconstruct the nodal motion vector for those mesh nodes at which mismatching occurs. 
A motion field interpolator determines a local motion vector for any desired point of interest within the first image, by interpolating from the nodal motion vectors of the surronding mesh nodes 
What is disclosed is a self contained, cordless, handheld spray gun (100). 
The spray gun (100) comprises a fluid container (225) in intercommunication with at least one fluid nozzle orifice (201) and a source of pressurized gas (204) in intercommunication with at least one gas nozzle orifice 207 and one fan nozzle orifice (227). 
The spray gun (100) is actuated by pulling a trigger (231) that opens at least one valve (202) so that the fluid, such as paint, primer, stain, varnish, sealant or the like, can flow to a fluid chamber (206), atomized, and sprayed through a fluid nozzle orifice (201) out onto the article to be painted 
A mobile terminal, method and computer program product are provided for storing sets of parameters, including the encryption keys, utilized during prior communication sessions with various networks such that those sets of parameters may be retrieved and reused during subsequent communication sessions with the same networks 
The present invention relates to novel organic compounds, more particularly, novel Dipeptidyl peptidase IV (DPP-IV) inhibitors of general formula (I) wherein: Y is -S(O)<su 
The prosthetic joint component, typically a hip joint component such as a ball (10) or a socket (12), consists generally of a substrate material (14) with a generally non-planar surface and a layer (20) of wear-resistant material on a surface thereof presenting a bearing or wear-resistant surface for the component. 
The substrate is tungsten metal, an alloy of tungsten, molybdenum, an alloy of molybdenum, or combinations thereof. 
The wear resistant material is preferably polycrystalline CVD diamond 
For protecting a circuit (1) against a mechanical or electromagnetic attack, an active protection device attached to the circuit comprises: - at least one generator (13, 14) for generating a magnetic field, - at least one magnetic sensor S1, S2, S3, S4 for measuring a value of the magnetic field, - an integrity circuit connected to the at least one magnetic sensor S1, S2, S3, S4 and to the circuit (1). 
The integrity circuit activates a reaction procedure in the circuit if the measured value of the magnetic field made by the magnetic sensor is out of a values domain, the values domain being correlated to the generated magnetic field 
The invention aims at optimizing the reduction/elimination of soot in exhaust gases by providing a solution to the problem of premature clogging of filtering means, that is by improving regeneration thereof. 
Therefor, the inventive method essentially consists in: collecting all or part of the particles contained in said exhaust gases using filtering means (10); seeding the particles before and/or during and/or after collecting them with the filtering means (10), with at least one combustion catalyst comprising nanoparticles; and regenerating the filtering means (10) by burning the particles in presence of the combustion nanoparticulate catalyst; and in obstructing part of the filtering means when the temperature of the exhaust gases drops below a threshold of 200 to 250 °C, so as to maintain said obstructed part of the filtering means at a temperature above 200 to 250 °C thus enabling, when the temperature of the exhaust gases rises above ?s, the regeneration of at least said obstructed part of the filtering means (10) to be accelerated. 
The invention also concerns the device for implementing said method 
The invention concerns a mechanical nasal dilator comprising a frame provided with support plates (6, 6') at its ends, the frame including a central extranasal portion (1) and two intranasal portions (2, 2'), wherein the extranasal portion (2) of the frame is globally U-shaped, whereof the central portion is elastic and spaces apart the nose wings by spring effect, the end of each of the branches of the U being itself U-shaped whereof one branch forms one part of the extranasal portion of the frame and the other branch, located between the branches of the extranasal portion of the frame, forms said intranasal portions (2, 2'). 
The present invention relates to the monitoring of disease progression and diagnosis of beta-cell failure in diabetes by measuring levels of PC1 in a liquid sample, and to screening for novel compounds for the prevention and/or treatment of diabetes 
A fitting for a vehicle seat, particularly a locking fitting for the seat of a motor vehicle, comprising a first fitting part, a second lockable fitting part which can rotate in relation to the first fitting part, at least one bolt (17) which, in the longitudinal direction thereof, is oriented in a radial direction in which it is moveably guided between guide elements of the first fitting part with clearance a crosswise direction, and which cooperates, with the radial outer side thereof, with the second fitting part for locking purposes, also comprising an eccentric which impinges upon the bolt (17) in order to lock it on the radial inner side thereof and which causes it to move radially in an outer direction. 
The bolt (17) is divided into at least two segments (19,2) along at least one dividing line (18) 
A method of partially scrambling a data stream (6) including transport stream packets (7), each transport stream packet (7) having a header (8) and a payload (9), wherein a sequence of transport stream packets (7) has payloads carrying encoded data elements, arranged in units (15), includes: selecting transport stream packets (7) forming a sub­sequence of the sequence, and scrambling at least part of the payloads (9) of each transport stream packet (7) in the subsequence. 
The method further includes monitoring the payloads (9) of at least some of the transport stream packets (7) in the sequence for the presence of data (22) indicating a boundary between two subsequent units (15), and, for selected units (15), including at least one of the transport stream packets (7) carrying data forming part of the selected unit (15) in the sub-sequence 
A microdistance mode and ordinary mode switching device for the photography module includes a fixing portion and a controlling portion. 
The fixing portion includes a holder (10) and a release ring (20) as well as a lens (42), and the controlling portion includes a controlling ring (20). 
The lens (42) is fixed into the release ring (20) by a lens barrel (40), and more than one magnet (21) is provided on the out side wall of the release ring (20). 
The magnet (54) on the controlling ring (50) is provided on the position corresponding to the magnet (21) on the release ring (20), the polarity direction of the provided magnet (54) corresponds to that of the magnet (21) on the release ring. 
The present invention utilizes the magnetic force to move the release ring (20) with respect to the holder (10) 
A care provider is able to remotely program a pacemaker, drug pump, neurostimulation device or other an implantable medical device (IMD) [122A-E] by operating a browser [117] communicating with a server [102] over a network [114]. 
Following successful authentication, the care provider's browser receives information [210] about one or more operating parameters of the IMD. 
The care provider provides an instruction [212] to modify one or more operating parameters. 
The server formats a digital program request [214] from the instruction that includes an identification code uniquely identifying the server [216]. 
The digital program request is then forwarded to the IMD via a remote monitor (IRM) [120] that subsequently verifies the digital identification code and wirelessly transmits the verified digital program request to the IMD 
The present invention provides compositions and methods for diagnosing and treating diabetes and insulin resistance. 
In particular, the invention provides methods of identifying modulators of the polynucleotides or polypeptides of the invention and using those modulators to treat diabetes, as well as methods of diagnosing diabetes by measuring the levels of the polynucleotides or polypeptides of the invention in a patient 
Soluble proteins, < 
A method of identifying target outputs, such as emissions levels, for a dynamic system, such as an engine. 
The engine is run at numerous combinations of input parameters, such as actual settings. 
At each combination of input parameters, the system is driven to a "quasi-steady" state, rather than waiting for it to reach a steady state. 
Response data collected at this quasi-steady state is used as the basis for identifying the target outputs and the associated inputs 
Methods and compositions for identifying ovarian cancer in a patient sample are provided. 
The methods of the invention comprise detecting overexpression of at least one biomarker in a body sample, wherein the biomarker is selectively overexpressed in ovarian cancer. 
In preferred embodiments, the body sample is a serum sample. 
The biomarkers of the invention include any genes or proteins that are selectively overexpressed in ovarian cancer, including, for example, acute phase reactants, lipoproteins, proteins involved in the regulation of the complement system, regulators of apoptosis, proteins that bind hemoglobin, heme, or iron, cytostructural proteins, enzymes that detoxify metabolic byproducts, growth factors, and hormone transporters. 
In some aspects of the invention, overexpression of a biomarker of interest is detected at the protein level using biomarker-specific antibodies or at the nucleic acid level using nucleic acid hybridization techniques. 
Kits for practicing the methods of the invention are further provided 
A system suitable for an automated investment share price pattern search includes a computer (102), a historical information database accessible by the computer having historical information for a plurality of investments stored thereon, a connection to a supply of real-time or historical timeseries (222) data, the data comprising real-time or historical data relating to a plurality of investments. 
Software executing on the computer generates an investment classification for the investment to be examined based upon the historical information and the real-time data relating to the investment or investments to be examined. 
The process gathers price and volume data of listed firms from arbitrarily many stock markets. 
The invention uses the statistics of asymmetric stochastic volatility (ASV) (204) to classify and associate the recent fluctuations in share price with a recommended action: sell, buy, or hold 
A system and method for pathogen control in reprocessing of foods are disclosed. 
The system and method use chlorine dioxide to eliminate pathogens from carcasses as the carcasses are passed through a spray cabinet 
A system and method for pathogen control in reprocessing of foods are disclosed. 
The system and method use chlorine dioxide to eliminate pathogens from carcasses as the carcasses are passed through a spray cabinet. 
According to one embodiment, chlorine dioxide solution is recirculated and reapplied to the carcasses in the spray cabinet 
Naphthalene, quinoline, quinoxaline and naphthyridine derivatives useful in the treatment of bacterial infections in mammals, particularly humans, are disclosed herein 
In one aspect, the invention provides fluorescent probes and assays. 
The probes include a fluorophore-quencher pair that undergoes a switch from dark to fluorescent in response to a reaction of the quencher. 
The switch of the probe from dark to fluorescent is typically mediated by an enzyme that acts directly or indirectly on the quencher, interfering with its ability to quench fluorescence emission from the fluorophore. 
In another aspect, the invention provides a reporter gene assay system and methods of using this system. 
The assay system includes a fluorophore-quencher probe and an enzyme that acts directly or indirectly on the quencher, increasing the fluorescent emission of the fluorophore. 
In still other aspects, the invention provides nucleic acid constructs and cells expressing the peptide products of these constructs. 
In assays of the invention, the presence of a target substance is detected by the switching of fluorescence mediated by the change in oxidation state of the quencher. 
The assay systems are of use in numerous assay formats, e.g., confirming the expression of the enzyme that acts on the quencher, and/or detecting a species conjugated to the enzyme 
Aryl-substituted piperazine derivatives are provided. Such compounds may be used to modulate MCH receptor activity in vivo or in vitro, and are particularly useful in the treatment of a variety of metabolic, feeding and sexual disorders in humans, domesticated companion animals and livestock animals. 
Pharmaceutical compositions and methods for treating such disorders are provided, as are methods for using such ligands for detecting MCH receptors (e.g., receptor localization studies) 
A child restraint system for transporting a child within an automotive vehicle includes a weight sensor(50) for determining the weight of the child and compares the child's weight to a recommended weight range. 
The weight sensor(50) is disoposed within a cushion(28) that hues a shell(22) and provides an electrical signal to a control unit(30). 
The control unit(30) processes the electrical signal and provides an alert signal when the weight is not within the recommended range. 
Also, the child restraint system may include a second sensor(62) for sensing a condition that depends upon the child's weight such as directional orientation or angular orientation of the child restraint system, or location or tension of a vehicle seat belt or tether that secures the child restraint system within the vehicle, or the location or tension of a harness for refraining the child occupant within the child restraint system 
A projection display system has at least one light-recycling illumination system, a color scrolling means and an imaging light modulator. 
The light-recycling illumination system includes a light source that is enclosed within a light-recycling envelope. 
The light source is a light-emitting diode that emits light, and a fraction of that light will exit the light-­recycling envelope through an aperture. 
The light-recycling envelope recycles a portion of the light emitted by the light source back to the light source in order to enhance the luminance of the light exiting the aperture. 
The fraction of the light that exits the aperture is partially collimated and is directed to a color scrolling means. 
The color scrolling means scans the partially collimated light across the face of the imaging light modulator. 
The imaging light modulator spatially modulates the scrolled beam of light to form an image 
Disclosed is a location-based community service provision system for setting a plurality of main arenas by dividing a geographical area in a regional unit, setting and storing one or more virtual spatial locations, the one or more virtual spatial locations being a projection of real spatial public locations, as spots in one of the main arenas, receiving information on posts registered in spots transmitted through a mobile terminal by providing one or more pieces of information on the spots belonging to the main arena from information on a location of the mobile terminal to the mobile terminal, and storing the received information on posts with a link with the spots. 
An apparatus for recommending a spot or an azit in a moblog-based regional community systemusing amobile terminal, includes a recommendation system for executing a recommendation algorithm to recommend azits, spots, friends or neighbors for each user; a level system for setting and managing a level for each azit and spot according to a preset rule; and a link evaluator for performing an evaluation on each link and managing a result of the evaluation 
Disclosed is a drying machine including a conrtol panel provided at a side of the drying machine and having a display hole, at least one LED lamp provided in the rear of the control panel and emitting light according to operating conditions of the drying machine, and an LED window (100) including at least one refracting member (110) so as to exactly display light outside through the display hole, the light emitted form the LED lamp 
A device for manipulation by a plurality of optical traps is disclosed. 
Connected trapping elements such as transparent beads are also connected to a tip, which is spaced from the trapping elements by a distance greater than the effective range of the optical trapping fields 
An air bearing spindle comprising a shaft (1) journalled, by virtue of an air bearing, for rotation within a sleeve (3) and a motor for driving the shaft releative to the sleeve, wherein the motor comprises stator windings (7) and the shaft defines a generally annular accommodating recess (111) in which the stator windings are disposed so that, in use, a peripheral portion (112) of the shaft provides part of a magnetic flux path associated with the stator windings (7) and wherein the spindle comprises an axial air bearing (8). 
A method of selecting a wavelength for use in transmitting optical data along a path in an optical network is disclosed. 
Previously known methods for selecting wavelengths do not consider how a wavelength selection decision will affect future connection attempts along paths that have one or more links in common with the path for which the wavelength is being selection. 
Consequently, a future connection attempt may be blocked because there are no wavelengths available end-to-end along the entire path that is to be set up. 
In the proposed method, the wavelengths that are available for use end-to-end along the path are found, the wavelengths that are available on each link attached to each node on the path are found and a wavelength that is available end-to-end and that is more available on the links attached to the nodes on the path than other wavelengths is selected 
The invention relates to an automatic yarn-gripping installation comprising at least a first gripping member (12) which is used to grab at least one sheet of yarns, said member being guided by a first conveyor loop (1) to a second gripping member (16) which is, in turn, guided by a second conveyor loop (6). 
According to the invention, the sheet moves from one loop to the other by means of a control system which can be used to open and close the gripping members (12, 16) 
The invention relates to a motor vehicle opening panel (3) which is designed to close an opening (4) in the roof of the vehicle and which is equipped with an opening mechanism. According to the invention, the opening mechanism comprises: two longitudinal front rails (14) which extend from a transverse edge of the opening, or close thereto, away from the opening, both of said rails extending generally in the same essentially-horizontal plane; two front carriages (12) which slide in the front rails and which are solidly mounted to the front end of the opening panel, such that the sliding part is disposed in front of the front end of the opening panel, said front carriages guiding the front end of the panel in a vertical manner when moving from the closed position to the open position; and rear guiding means which guide the rear transverse edge of the opening panel (3) longitudinally and vertically when moving from the closed position to the open position. 
The invention also relates to a vehicle which is equipped with one such opening panel 
The invention relates to a cable drive (1) comprising a drive motor (3) for tensioning a cable (7) by means of a transmission (5) connecting an output shaft (4) of the drive motor (3) to the cable (7) by means of a drive train (8). 
The invention also relates to a stop brake, especially for a motor vehicle, comprising a cable drive. 
In order to block the cable drive (1) in a simple manner, a brake train (14) is provided parallel to the drive train (8), connecting the motor output shaft (4) to the cable (7), said brake train comprising a self-locking device. 
According to the invention, one such cable drive is actively connected to a brake device for the actuation of the stop brake 
The invention provides methods for predicting and compositions for use in the prediction of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) based upon the simultaneous measurement of at least two biomarkers in a biological sample. 
The invention further relates to methods for following the efficiency of a treatment against RA and to methods for identifying test substances that are likely to prevent or diminish RA 
The present invention is directed to recombinant spider silk proteins, nucleic acids, coding for these recombinant spider silk proteins, as well as hosts suitable for expressing those nucleic acids. 
Furthermore, the present invention is directed to a method of aggregation of spider silk proteins and the use of the proteins in the field of biotechnology and/or medicine and other industrial fields, in particular in the manufacture of automotive parts, in the aircraft construction, in the processing of textiles and leather, as well as in the manufacture and processing of paper and the like 
The aim of the invention is to improve methods and devices used for correcting a register error occurring as a result of a change in the operational parameters (a, v) of a printing press, which are modified by a control device (11) while a control module (5, 6) determines register signals that trigger the actuating means (M1, M2) in order to correct the register error. 
Said aim is achieved by the fact that the control device (11) transmits the change to the control module, which determines, based on the change, the register signals that trigger the actuating means (M2) so as to correct the register error 
An infrared emitter, which utilizes a photonic bandgap (PBG) structure to produce electromagnetic emissions with a narrow band of wavelengths, includes a semiconductor material layer, a dielectric material layer overlaying the semiconductor material layer, and a metallic material layer having an inner side overlaying the dielectric material layer. 
The semiconductor material layer is capable of being coupled to an energy source for introducing energy to the semiconductor material layer. 
An array of holes are defined in the device in a periodic manner, wherein each hole extends at least partially through the metallic material layer. 
The three material layers are adapted to transfer energy from the semiconductor material layer to the outer side of the metallic material layer and emit electromagnetic energy in a narrow band of wavelengths from the outer side of the metallic material layer 
A driver includes a plurality of variable resistors each coupled to a corresponding one of the rows of the organic light-emitting diode display panel, generally between Ground (GND) and the cathodes of the OLEDs on the rows. 
A variable resistor controller in the driver is coupled to the variable resistors, and adjusts the resistance of the variable resistor coupled to the selected row based upon the display data corresponding to the selected row. 
The variable resistor controller adjusts the resistance of the variable resistor coupled to the selected row to be inversely proportional to the sum of the display data corresponding to the selected row 
In one embodiment the present invention provides for a high thermal conductivity highly structured resin that comprises a host highly structured resin matrix, and a high thermal conductivity filler 30. 
The high thermal conductivity fillers are from 1-1000 nm in length, and high thermal conductivity fillers have an aspect ratio of between 3-100. 
Particular highly structured highly structured resins include at least one of liquid crystal 40 polymers, interpenetrating networks, dendrimer type matrices, expanding polymers, ladder polymers, star polymers and structured organic-inorganic hybrids 60. 
An adhesive attachment is provided for securely mounting an attachment component such as a threaded stud or the like on the surface of a selected substrate, wherein the adhesive attachment provides an electrically conductive ground path for grounding the attachment component and/or a selected structure mounted thereto to the substrate. 
In one preferred form, the attachment component is a threaded element such as a stud or nut. 
Upon mounting of the attachment component on the substrate and subsequent connection of the threaded element to a mating threaded member, e.g., of the selected structure to be mounted onto the attachment component, a conductive ground pin is pressed into electrical contact with the substrate for grounding the attachment component and/or the selected structure mounted thereto. 
An automated ball mounting process and system are disclosed in which solder balls are tested by heating the solder balls to a temperature between the eutectic temperature of lead-tin and the melting temperature of a lead free solder ball. 
If the heated solder balls melt they are standard solder balls. 
If they do not melt they are lead free solder balls. 
Solder balls that are input into the automated ball mounting process are automatically tested to determine solder ball type. 
When the test indicates that the wrong type of solder ball is being used an error message is indicated and the solder ball mounting process stops 
An apparatus for portable devices especially portable electronic devices and methods for using such apparatus are described. 
The apparatus is connected to the portable device and is used to attach the portable device (i.e., a cellular phone) to an object (i.e., a belt loop). 
The apparatus comprises a base mechanism that is connected to the portable device and a hooking mechanism with one part that is connected to the base means and another part that can be attached to the object by a hooking action. 
The apparatus permits easy and quick attachment (and removal) of the portable device to an object (i.e., the belt) while providing secure retention when not in use. 
The apparatus can also be used to carry and hold the portable device when it is being used 
Systems and methods deploy an electrode from a catheter assembly. 
The systems and methods provide a catheter handle having a trigger lever adapted to carry an actuator rod. 
The actuator rod is adapted to cause movement of the electrode between a retracted position and an extended position. 
A pinion is carried by the trigger lever for engagement with a rack carried by the actuator rod. 
Compression of the trigger lever moves the rack along the actuator rod between a first position corresponding to the electrodes being in the retracted position and a second position corresponding to either the primed electrode firing position or the electrodes being in an extended position 
An insulated container, such as a cooler or ice chest, with a hardside interior and a softside exterior is disclosed that has the benefits of softside coolers, such as the ability to include packets and pouches, as well as the benefits of hardside coolers (e.g. protection to the contents inside and rigid attachment of wheels, handles, etc.) 
The softside exterior may be directly connected to the hardside interior, for example by sewing. 
The cooler may have a lid hingedly attached to the liner, and the lid may be hard plastic including a softside exterior on the top of the lid. 
The cooler may have wheels and an extendable handle attached to the hardside interior to aid in transportation of the cooler in some embodiments 
An apparatus and method to remove uranium from a body of material wherein the method includes the steps of depositing the body of solid material in an ultrasonic extractor and depositing an amount of acid in the ultrasonic extractor. 
The method also provides for the steps of heating a jacket of the ultrasonic extractor, transporting the body of solid material in the ultrasonic extractor and the amount of acid such that the body of solid material and the acid contact each other inside the heated ultrasonic extractor while the ultrasonic extractor provides ultrasonic energy to both the body of solid material and the amount of acid, wherein the amount of acid strips uranium from the body of solid material. 
The method further provides for collecting the amount of acid and the body of solid material in the ultrasonic extractor in different positions, transporting the amount of acid with the stripped uranium to an extraction mixer settler, and settling uranium product from the extraction mixer settler 
The present invention relates to a comprehensive front-end method and system for automatically generating and processing photomask orders. 
This method and system includes two separate, but related software components. 
The first software component of the present invention is used to generate a photomask order in a specified format. 
The second software component of the present invention processes at least a portion of the photomask order (which was generated using the first software component) into a substantially ready-to-write jobdeck file and/or a substantially ready-to-write inspection file, which in turn is transferred to a remote photomask manufacturer's system to manufacture a photomask. 
These software components can be installed as separate programs on a computer system or operate as a single software package performing multiple functions 
As with conventional briefcase constructions, housing (110) includes a lower shell portion (112) and an upper shell portion (114), which are pivotable with respect to one another about a hinge so that it can be closed and locked, will clasps (116). 
A briefcase-type construction is appropriate for housing and transporting the air density gauge of the present invention, since it is contemplated that one of the primary uses of the gauge will be to calculate air densities indexes at different baseball venues so that ERA adjustments can be made. 
As such, a briefcase construction becomes convenient for travel purposes, although, any suitable construction could be employed without departing from the concepts of the invention 
A collapsible light has a flexible reflector or light modifying panel assembly forming a curved, e.g. parabola, or bent, e.g. angular, shape when in a use position. 
The fight modifying panel assembly can be folded or flattened into a storage position. 
A further transparent or translucent panel may be provided across the front of the light modifying panel assembly. 
One or more lamps are support on the light modifying panel assembly by a transparent or translucent support panel assembly connected at at least two spaced apart locations to the light modifying assembly. 
The further panel may be a diffuser panel or other effects panel removably fastened across the front of the light modifying panel assembly. 
Several of the lights may be joined together to from arrays 
In a signal processing circuit (3) for a contactlessly communicating communication partner device (1), there are provided a transmitted-signal path (9) and a received-signal path (10), the received-signal path (10) branching off from a branch point (AP) present on the transmitted-signal path (9), a filter stage (11) and a matching stage (12) connected downstream of the filter stage (11) being provided on the transmitted-signal path (9), the filter stage (11) having a resonant frequency that is in a frequency range the center frequency value of which matches an upper sideband frequency, and the branch point (AP) being situated between the filter stage (11) and the matching stage (12) 
An actuator taking the form of a piezoelectric wall separating two chambers, which utilises two actuation modes. 
Both actuation modes cause volume displacements in both chambers, but act to reinforce one another in one chamber and cancel one another in the other chamber. 
A fluid pump for droplet deposition having an array of channels separated by such actuators can be operated with each channel acting substantially independently of its neighbours 
A sensor (1) for detecting a collision comprises a plurality of inductive first sensor elements (2) that are arranged at a distance to a second sensor element (7). 
The inductive properties of the inductive first sensor element (2) depend on the distance (d) to the second sensor element (7). 
The distance (d) can be determined by measuring the inductive properties of the inductive first sensor element (2). 
A collision pattern can be established by evaluating the inductive properties of the first sensor elements (2) 
The present invention relates to the use of a mitochondrially targeted antioxidant, e.g. de­rivatives of vitamin E, coenzyme Q<SUB>10 </SUB>or a glutathione peroxidase mimetic, in the treatment and prevention of liver diseases and/or epithelial cancers. 
The present invention also relates to pharmaceutical compositions containing the antioxi­dant(s) intended for such use. 
Furthermore the invention relates to the manufacture of me­dicaments containing the antioxidant(s) useful for such prevention and treatment 
The present invention concerns a method and an apparatus for imaging overlapping fields with ultrasonic waves and multi-photon installation. 
It relates to the technical field of imaging various parts in the fields of living tissues, samples and materials, and others. 
In a first step (42 - 46), a representation of a first signal generated with an ultrasound wave generator is produced under a first resolution in a first region of said material under test. 
In a second step (48 - 52), a representation of a second signal generated with a multi-photon imaging head is produced under a second resolution, second resolution being higher than said first resolution, in a second region of said material, second region being included in the said first region 
The invention relates to a semiconductor component (1) with a semiconductor chip (3) and with electric connecting elements (4) for connecting to a conductor structure (5), and to a method for producing this semiconductor component. 
To this end, the conductor structure (5) comprises a chip island (6) and contact terminal pads (7) that are arranged coplaner to one another. 
The semiconductor structure (5) is selectively coated by a filled plastic film (8). 
Both the semiconductor chip (3) as well as the electric connecting elements (4) are mechanically fixed and electrically connected by means of the film-covered chip island (6) or by the film-covered contact terminal pads (7) 
Disclosed is a scanning device for measuring the contours of an object. Said scanning device comprises a laser light source (10, 11) for generating two scanning beams (5, 5'). 
Said scanning beams (5, 5') are deflected in opposite directions on a reflecting arrangement located in the scanning device such that two scanning beams (5, 5') which extend in different directions as well as two received beams (16, 31) that are reflected from different directions are obtained with the aid of the deflecting unit (8) in a control and evaluation unit in order to calculate the coordinates of the surface segments (15) irradiated by the scanning beams (5, 5') 
The computerized system 10 for automated completion of forms is an internet accessible system for automatically completing forms such as employment or other applications from individual user data retained in a database 212. 
The computerized system 10 for automated completion of forms provides for conversion of a paper application form into an electronic form image that is then mapped to identify entry fields, define electronic entry fields associated with the entry fields on the paper form, and associate the electronic entry fields with data item definitions in the database 212 for automatic filling of the form fields form data stored in the database 212. 
Users 216 may enter their personal data into the database 212 for subsequent filling of forms either through a default data entry process, or by filling out a first form 
Pharmaceutical compositions comprising both insulin and glucagon can be administered to control and treat diabetes while reducing or eliminating the risk of insulin-induced hypoglycemia 
A method for etching a bilayer resist defined over a substrate in a plasma etch chamber is provided. 
The method initiates with introducing the substrate having a pattern defined on a first layer of the bilayer resist into the etch chamber. Then, SiC1<su 
The present invention is directed to compounds of Formula (I): which are modulators of chemokine receptors. 
The compounds of the invention, and compositions thereof, are useful in the treatment of diseases related to chemokine receptor expression and/or activity 
A discrete graphics system (DGS) for executing 3D graphics instructions for a computer system, a DGS unit, and a scalable DGS are disclosed. 
The discrete graphics system includes a GPU for executing 3D graphics instructions and a DGS system chassis configured to house the GPU. 
A serial bus connector coupled is to the GPU and the DGS chassis. 
The serial bus connector is configured to removably connect the DGS and the GPU to the computer system. 
The GPU of the DGS accesses the computer system via the serial bus connector to execute the 3D graphics instructions for the computer system 
A portable, battery-powered sprayer for dispensing two liquid products at the same time. 
A reservoir cartridge having two liquid chambers is removably installable in a reciprocating bay in the housing. 
First and second mating pairs of fluid connectors each have a component mounted on the cartridge and a component mounted in the housing. 
A cam on a pivotable lever causes the bay to move the fluid connector components into and out of engagement. 
The fluid connector components permit fluid flow when they are joined and prevent it when they are separated. 
A support beam locks the housing components of the fluid connectors in fixed relation to one another. 
A guide strip locks the cartridge components in the same fixed relation to one another. 
A docking station in the bay locates the guide strip 
The present invention relates to a frame (4) for an air filter unit comprising a filter package (1) and possibly at least one grid (2,3), said frame being built up of elongate elements (5) having flanges (7,8) along the long sides thereof. 
According to the invention the frame (4) is made of elements (5) of plastic material, each element (5) has a central stiffening rib (9) on the side thereof facing said filter package (1) in an assembled air filter unit. 
The invention also relates to an air filter unit comprising such a frame. 
The invention relates to gas separation, in particular to separation of C0<SUB>2 </SUB>from C0<SUB>2</SUB>-rich liquids, particularly from C0<SUB>2</SUB> absorption liquids used in the removal of C0<SUB>2</SUB> from off-gases or product flows, such as natural gas or synthesis gas. 
According to the invention, C0<SUB>2</SUB> is separated from a C0<SUB>2</SUB>-rich liquid by a method comprising a step wherein, under elevated pressure, said liquid is contacted with a membrane based on polyacetylene substituted with trimethylsilyl groups such that the pressure across the membrane is at least 1 bar and that at least a part of the C0<SUB>2</SUB> is transported from the liquid through the membrane 
A frame which can be moved between a folded-in position and a folded-out position is provided with suspension means (12-16) intended for suspending the frame from a vertical element, an arm assembly (1) comprising at least three arms (3,4) and a rod assembly (2) which cooperates with the arm assembly (1), which assemblies are designed such that the arms (3,4) extend substantially in the same direction in the folded-in position at a relatively small distance next to one another and occupy a relatively small area in a direction transverse thereto, and in the folded-out position occupy a relatively large area in a direction transverse thereto. 
The suspension means (12-16) cooperate with a section (4) of the arm assembly (1) and/or with a section (7) of the rod assembly (2) which is/are at the periphery of the planes defined by the assemblies (1,2) 
A file management method and apparatus for controlling assets in multimedia appliances and an information recording medium thereof are provided. 
The file management method for controlling assets in multimedia appliances includes: generating and managing an index file containing information on assets obtained by the multimedia appliances and based on MusicPhoto Video (MPV). 
The method and apparatus enable users to conveniently and easily manage assets obtained in multimedia appliances such as a digital still camera 
A method and apparatus are provided for creating a MultiPhoto Video or MusicPhoto Video (MPV) file that enables minimization of resources and/or storage capacity required to use the MPV file in a multimedia application environment, and a storage medium having recorded thereon a computer readable program for performing the method. 
The method includes: generating profilebag elements based on multimedia content; generating unique identification information of assets included in the multimedia content; generating a last uniform resource locator (LastURL) based on universal resource identifiers (URIs) of the assets included in the multimedia content; and creating an MPV file corresponding to the multimedia content using the profilebag elements, the unique identification information of the assets, and the LastURL. 
Accordingly, the MPV file, which is available to multimedia reproducing devices having limited resources and/or storage capacity, can be provided 
Provided are a method and apparatus for easily and quickly searching for a specific element (or a node) in a document or a library complying with an XML format by using tree path information based on a predetermined syntax, and a recording medium having a program to implement the method. The method includes: parsing tree path information based on a predetermined syntax if tree path information of an element is input; and searching a document or library for the element according to the parsing result 
A method for reducing self-interference between at least four data symbols that are modulated via a non-orthogonal matrix modulation and transmitted from at least four transmit antennas to at least one receive antenna comprises mapping the at least four data symbols onto the at least four transmit antennas and two orthogonal transmission resources via the non-orthogonal matrix modulation, multiplying data symbols mapped to one of the at least four transmit antennas with a factor ? , wherein ? is determined at least in dependence on the transmission channel characteristics from the at least four transmit antennas to the at least one receive antenna to reduce a self-interference between the at least four data symbols, and transmitting the mapped data symbols and the mapped and multiplied data symbols from the at least four transmit antennas to at least one receive antenna in the two orthogonal transmission resources 
The invention relates to a flat valve for the exhaust system of a motor vehicle. 
A bearing casing (4) which is penetrated by a shaft (2) of the valve flap (3) is arranged in a gas-tight manner outside the valve body. 
Inside the bearing casing, the shaft is surrounded by a bearing ring (17) having a supporting surface (19) oriented towards the valve flap and perpendicular in relation to the shaft, and a sliding surface (20) extending away from the valve flap. 
A spring element surrounding the shaft (2) is disposed inside the bearing casing and presses the bearing ring (17) with its sliding surface (20) against the inner wall region (22) of the bearing casing (4). 
To ensure the sealing function, a radially protruding sealing disc consisting of a metal material is arranged between the bearing ring (17) and the spring element. On one side, said sealing disc tightly rests against the supporting surface (19) of the bearing ring (17) and is connected in a sealed manner to the peripheral surface of the shaft 
The invention relates to a glass door wing that can pivot about an upper trunnion and a lower trunnion. 
The glass door wing has wing profiles, which form the upper and lower termination of a glass pane, and has a door closer, which is mounted in the upper wing profile in a concealed manner and which has an actuating arm. 
Said actuating arm, at one end, is connected to a swivel pin of the door closer and, at the other end, is supported on an upper substructure in a manner that enables it to rotate. 
The trunnions form a swivel bearing, which is mounted at the end of the width of the glass door wing, between the glass door wing and the upper substructure and a lower substructure. 
The invention is characterized in that: the glass door wing (1) is provided in the form of a swinging door (2); the trunnions (6, 7) forming the swivel bearings (8, 9) are placed in a respective trunnion location (16, 17) embedded in the upper wing profile (3) and in the lower wing profile (4), and the upper substructure (12) is comprised of a plate-like door bearing strip (18), which is screwed to a ceiling (13), and into which the upper trunnion (6) is inserted, and; the door bearing strip (18) has a recess (19), which is delimited on the face and into which a slide track (20) is detachably embedded, and a sliding piece (21) rotatably connected to the actuating arm (14) is guided inside this slide track 
A mobile network is adapted to provide a first mobile telephony service to a first group of subscribers and a second mobile telephony service to a second group of subscribers. 
The mobile network comprises: - a home location register; - at least one switching equipment, cooperating with the home location register for providing the first mobile telephony service to the first group of subscribers; - at least one adapter node, cooperating with the home location register and with the switching equipment for providing the second mobile telephony service to the second group of subscribers 
The invention provides methods for promoting the differentiation of megakaryocytes, methods for forming platelets, and methods for reducing the number of abnormal or malignant cells in bone marrow. 
In some embodiments, the methods comprise the step of contacting megakaryocyte progenitors with an amount of a 3-(cyclohexanoheteroarylidenyl)-2-indolinone compound effective to promote their differentiation. 
In some embodiments, the 3-(cyclohexanoheteroarylidenyl)-2-indolinone compound is 2-oxo-3-(4, 5, 6, 7-tetrahydro-lH-indol-2-ylmethylene)-2,3-dihydro-lH-indole-5-sulfonic acid dimethylamide (SU6656). 
The invention also provides methods for treating blood and bone marrow disorders 
An uplink capacity is increased by a method in which more than two mobile stations simultaneously use a radio resource allocated to one mobile station. 
A method of allocating a radio resource in an orthogonal frequency division multiplexing system comprises receiving data associated with a radio resource allocation map from a base station, wherein the radio allocation map comprises control parameters for transmitting uplink data to the base station. 
The control parameters comprises orthogonal pilot pattern indicator for using orthogonal pilot patterns associated with supporting at least concurrent dual transmission by at least one mobile station, and for use in the same frequency band and same time duration. 
The orthogonal pilot patterns comprises at least a minus pilot being used for an uplink basic allocation unit. 
The mobile station then transmits uplink data to the base station by using the orthogonal pilot patterns 
A crane to be fitted in a window opening or the like, between two opposing surfaces, has a strut (14) which is first braced between the surfaces (20a, 20b), and a boom (13) which extends away from the strut. 
A winch (5) on the crane winds up a lifting cafe (12) which runs over a pulley (3) at the outer end of the boom (13). 
The top and bottom ends of the strut have end plates (15, 7) which are designed to hold the crane rigidly between the two surfaces, but without damaging any surface finish on either surface. 
The boom (13) can be swung about the axis of the strut (14) to bring the load carried by the crane in towards the position of the operator 
The invention relates to an infra-red sensor comprising at least one measuring structure (11) consisting of e.g. a sensor chip (10) with a measuring structure (11) and a cap chip (20), which is fixed onto the sensor chip (10) and together with the latter (10) defines a sensor chamber (23). 
An aperture (25, 32), comprising an inner aperture region (25b, 32b) and an outer aperture region (25a, 32a) that surrounds the latter (25b, 32b), is configured on the upper face (24) of the cap chip (20). 
The inner aperture region (25b, 32b) is configured above the measuring structure (11) and is transparent to the infra-red radiation (IR 1) that is to be detected and the outer aperture region (25a, 32a) is at least partially intransparent to incident infra-red radiation (IR2). 
The outer aperture region can be configured in particular as a reflective coating consisting of metal or a dielectric layer, or as a reflective structure composed of trenches with oblique surfaces or an absorbent structure 
The invention relates to a motor vehicle comprising a carrier arrangement (1) for carrying the steering column, an air conditioning installation, a head-up display (HUD) and/or a group of pedals (3), said motor vehicle also having a window hoop (5) extending beneath a windscreen in the region between the two windscreen pillars (4a, 4b) of the motor vehicle. 
In order to simplify the assembly, the window hoop comprises recesses on the engine compartment side, in order to be able to fix the carrier arrangement or a corresponding instrument panel from the engine compartment 
The inventive 2-substituted pyrimidines of formula (I), wherein an < 
The invention relates to novel 3'-alkoxy spirocyclic tetramic and tetronic acids of formula (I), wherein A, B, D, Q1, Q2, G, W, X, Y and Z are as defined in the description, to several methods and intermediate products for the production and the use thereof in the form of pesticides and/or herbicides and/or microbicides, to selective herbicide agents, 3'-alkoxy spirocyclic tetramic and tetronic acids and to at least one compound which improves cultivated plants compatibility 
The invention relates to particles containing imidoperoxycarboxylic acids which can be produced by granulating a combination of imidoperoxycarboxylic acids and desensitisers, and optionally, granulation auxiliary agents and subsequently surrounding the granulate with a water-soluble surrounding material. 
They can be used as a bleaching agent, and/or a bleaching agent component, in particular, in particle-shaped washing and cleaning agents. The invention also relates to the production and use thereof 
The present invention relates to primers, probes sequences and methods, useful in the multiple real time fluorescent RT-PCR assay of Avian Influenza virus subtypes H5, H7 and H9; specifically, to primers and probes for RT-PCR amplifing the nucleotide fragments of Avian Influenza virus subtypes H5, H7 and H9 and complementary sequences thereof; as well as to assays for simultaneously type-departing Avian Influenza virus subtypes H5, H7 and H9 
The invention relates to a device (1) for cooling at least one electrical and/or electronic power component, for example, a converter (2) and/or an electrical machine (3), of a vehicle, particularly of an electric or hybrid vehicle that has at least one washer system (7) for cleaning at least one vehicle window and/or the vehicle headlights. 
In order to achieve a sufficient cooling of electrical and/or electronic power components in the simplest and a space-saving manner, the invention provides that the device (1) has a cooling circuit (8), which can be connected to the washer system (7) and which is supplied with the liquid of the washer system (7) 
A computing node (20a) is connected to a sensor (30) and an actuator (40). 
The computing node (20a) receives a module M1 which is used to program the computing node (20a) to perform a function associated with the sensor (30) and the actuator (40) 
An access unit (25) for configuring a first and second network-layer protocol for use over the point-to-point link and to facilitate communication between an Internet Service Provider (ISP) (20) and a data processing system (12) over the link. 
The data processing system (12) includes a first 28(1) and second protocol stack 28(2). 
The access unit (25) includes a multi-protocol (32) driver for routing a packet received from the ISP (20), a Wide Area Network (WAN) access driver (24) adapted to monitor an establishment of the link connection to capture a maximum receive unit, and a converter (23) adapted to receive a trigger from the WAN access driver (24) , the trigger for indicating to the converter (23) to configure the second network-layer protocol on the link 
The invention relates to electronic devices (1) for generating secure synchronisation signals operating with an external clock emitting a first frequency signal. 
More specifically, said invention relates to ultrahigh resolution synchronisation signals whose temporal accuracy is less than a nanosecond, thereby enabling different elements of a pulse laser chain be synchronised. 
The inventive device (1) is provided with securing means comprising an internal clock (133) emitting an internal clock signal which oscillates at a second frequency substentially identical to the first frequency, wherein electronic security management means (130) are arranged in such a way that the internal clock signal substitutes for the external clock signal and security measures are triggered even when said external clock signal is lost, thereby causing the partial or complete stop of the synchronisation device 
The invention relates to a method for adjusting a banknote processing machine consisting in determining the threshold values of sensors for recognising the banknote state, in processing a plurality of banknotes by the banknote processing machine, in recording data of at least one sensor, in recognising the banknote state by means of recorded data and of at least one threshold value, in determining and displaying a correlation between the recognised banknote state and at least one threshold value, in modifying at least one threshold value on the basis of the displayed correlation, in redetermining at least one state and correlation and in redisplaying the correlation 
An automated connectorization system for processing fiber optic connectors. 
The system can include one or more of a polishing station, a cleaning station, a tuning station, a testing station, an SC connector adjust station, an FC connector key press station, and a dust cap station. 
The connectors can be automatically conveyed and processed through the stations of the system from initial hackle removal through to dust cap application. 
The system can include a fixture having a first portion to clamp onto one of the connectors, and a second portion configured to allow a ferrule of one of the connectors to extend therethrough. 
The system can include an apparatus for moving a fiber including a first drive mechanism for moving the fiber through the system, and a second drive mechanism for moving the plurality of fiber optic connectors through the system 
The invention relates to a method for diagnosing ischaemic heart damage, in particular the latent and chronic types, by the serological detection of the myosin light chain 1, MLC 1, as a diagnostic marker in the blood of the patients concerned. 
The invention also relates to an enzyme immunoassay for detecting MLC 1. 
The invention can be used in the medical field and in particular the medical diagnostics field 
The inventive holster is used for carrying small arms and makes it possible in the external case to bring a pistol into a combat-ready position extracting it by natural arm movement. 
Said invention reduces time for bringing the arm into a combat-ready position and ensures the versatility of the holster structural design. 
The body of the inventive holster has an arch-shaped cross section formed in such a way that a through slot is embodied along the entire length thereof. 
In the first variant, the means for holding the pistol in the holster is embodied in the form of a valve made of an elastic material. 
The two internal sidewalls of the body are provided with a supporting guiding ridges for a safety thumb catch. 
A bolt holding and triggering mechanism is embodied in the form of a spring-loaded double-crank arm which is mounted on the internal sidewall of the body by means of an axis. 
In the second variant, the means for holding the pistol in the holster is embodied in the form of a spring-loaded shaped element encompassing the pistol grip in the top rear section thereof. 
The bolt holding and triggering mechanism is mounted on the external sidewall of the body and is embodied in the form of a spring-loaded double-crank arm which is hingedly arranged on the external side of the sidewall of the body 
Disclosed is herein an automatic cleaning system which cleans heat transfer tubes of a heat exchanger (120) using cleaning balls . 
The automatic cleaning system includes the heat exchanger (120) , a ball separator (130) which is coupled to an outlet pipe (124) of the heat exchanger, a ball supplying pipe (137) and a ball recovery pipe (138) . 
The system further includes a cleaning ball storage tank (14) communicating with both the ball supplying pipe and the ball recovery pipe, and an ejector (150) communicating with the cleaning ball storage tank (140) . 
The system further includes a bypass pipeline (160) having a fluid inlet guide pipe (161) and a fluid outlet guide pipe (163) , a circulation pump (162) mounted on the fluid inlet guide pipe, and a motor- operated valve (164) mounted on the fluid outlet guide pipe (163) 
An evaporator 1 comprises a pair of header tanks 2, 3 arranged one above the other at a spacing, a plurality of heat exchange tubes 4 arranged in parallel between the pair of header tanks 2, 3 and having opposite ends joined to the respective header tanks 2, 3, and fins 5 arranged between respective left-to-right adjacent pairs of heat exchange tubes 4. 
The lower header tank 3 comprises a tank forming member 30 and a tube connecting plate 31 joined to the tank forming member 30. 
The tube connecting plate 31 has a plurality of drain guides 40 arranged at a spacing in a left-right direction. 
The drain guides 40 each comprise a cutout portion 41 formed in an upper surface cover portion of the tube connecting plate 31 for covering the upper surface of the tank forming member 30 to a side cover portion of the plate 31 for covering a side face of the member 30. 
The amount of condensation water to be collected on the top surface of the lower tank 3 can be diminished 
The present invention relates to a refrigerator having an air-cleaner. 
The present invention comprises a main body with a predetermined storage space defined; and an air-cleaner including a case fixed to the main body and having at least an inlet and outlet, a decor panel linearly re¬ ciprocating to selectively open and close the outlet, a filter unit for filtering air sucked through the inlet, a blower for sucking air through the inlet and discharging the air filtered in the filter unit through the outlet, and an anion generator for generating anions discharged along with the air through the outlet. 
According to the present invention, the air-cleaner is securely mounted to the upper surface of the refrigerator, the configuration of the article is simple, the operational re¬ liability and the strength of the article is increased, the man-hour needed for the works and the manufacturing costs of the article are reduced, and it is possible to prevent the vibrations generated during the operation of the article from generating noises or the durability of the article from being deteriorated 
The present invention discloses a refrigerator which can individually cool a freezing chamber (F) and a refrigerating chamber (R) by dividing a heat exchange region of an evaporator (68) into a freezing chamber side region (68a) and a refrigerating chamber side region (68b), forming individual circulation passages for supplying cool air from each region to the freezing chamber (F) and the refrigerating chamber (R), and forming a freezing chamber fan (72) and a refrigerating chamber fan (74) on each circulation passage, and method for controlling operation of the same which can efficiently perform a cooling operation and reduce power consumption by effectively controlling the operations of each component 
The inside of a box body (1, 5) is partitioned into two rooms by a partition plate (7). 
An object to be cooled is received in a storage room (10) of the front face side, and a cooler (8) and a fan (11) are received in a cooler room (9) on the rear face side. 
An opening (14) for connecting the cooler room (9) and the storage room (10) is formed in the partition plate (7). 
The opening (14) is greater than the diameter of the fan (11) and positioned, when seen in the direction of the rotation axis of the fan (11), so as to surround the outer periphery of the fan (11) with a gap maintained. 
The area (S) of the opening (14) is defined to be 1.8 x pi(R/2)<2 ><= S <= 2.5 X PI(R/2)<2 >with R being< >the diameter of the fan (11). 
The distance between a border surface on the storage room side of the opening (14) and the foremost portion of the fan (11) is not less than 0 and not more than 0.2R 
A compressor (101) for a refrigeration unit having a stator (106), a rotor (133) orbiting in engagement with the stator (106) to cyclically open, fill with refrigerant gas from at least one inlet port (103), compress and discharge compressed refrigerant gas through at least one discharge port (104), a rotary drive for orbiting the rotor (133), a driven element (120) of a magnetic coupling (121) in driving connection with the rotary drive, a sealed casing (102) for the ports (103, 104) and enclosing all of the foregoing components, a driving element (125) of the magnetic coupling (121) outside of the casing (102) in close proximity to the driven element (120), a motor (124) to rotate the driving element (125), and at least two equalizer shafts (143, 144) inserted into the chamber (136) and biased towards the rotor (133) to overcome any displacement within the chamber (136) and to maintain equal pressure during the revolution of the rotor (133). 
The rotor may be a three lobed rotor journalled on an eccentric (135) carried by a shaft (118) of the rotary drive and having a ring gear (139) driven by a gear (137) of the rotary drive having the same eccentricity as the eccentric (135) and rotated in synchronism therewith, the gear ratio of the ring gear to the eccentric being three to one 
Disclosed herein is a hot-air blower for supplying hot air in order to prevent freeze-rupture of a water pipe or the like. 
The hot-air blower is installed in the interior of a room. 
According to the present invention, at the state where the electric power is continuously supplied, the heater and the fan are intermittently operated in the operating state and also even at the interrupted state of operation. 
Therefore, the hot air can be efficiently supplied into the interior of a room to thereby prevent the freeze-rupture of the water pipe or the like. 
Accordingly, as compared with the conventional hot-air blower, which is operated over the whole wintertime to supply hot air, the electrical consumption can be considerably reduced, thereby providing a significant economical benefit. 
Furthermore, in the case where it is installed in the ceiling of the interior of a room, since the temperature of the interior of the room including the floor thereof can be precisely detected and hot air is supplied accordingly, the freeze-rupture of a water pipe installed in the floor can be prevented, dissimilar to the conventional technique 
This invention provides a method of controlling water in a subterranean formation, said method comprising contacting said formation with a water control treatment agent which comprises an organosilane in an amount effective to reduce the water permeability of at least part of said formation. 
At the same time, any decrease in the overall hydrocarbon (e.g. oil) permeability of said formation is preferably minimised. 
The invention further provides a method of plugging or sealing a subterranean formation 
A new enzymatic bleaching system is disclosed comprising at least one oxidase and at least one perhydrolase. 
Also disclosed are body care products, hair washing products, hair care products, mouth, tooth, and dental prosthesis care products, tooth brace care products, cosmetics, therapeutic agents, textile washing products, detergents, rinsing products, textile machine-washing products, textile hand-washing products, hand dish-washing products, machine dish-washing products, disinfectants and means for bleaching or disinfecting filter media, textiles, pelts, paper, fur or leather, containing the new enzymatic bleaching system, as well as corresponding uses of the new enzymatic bleaching system and these products 
The invention relates to a liquid crystalline medium based on a mixture of polar compounds and characterized in that it contains one or more compounds of formula (I) and one or more compounds selected from the group of compounds of formulas (IA), (IB) and (IC), wherein R<1>, R<1A>, R<1B>, R<1C>, X, X<A>, X<B>, b and L<1-6>, and rings A and B have the meanings as cited in the description 
The invention relates to compounds having one of the below formulae that may be used to inhibit kinases as well as compositions of matter and kits comprising these compounds, and methodsusing the compounds 
A pusher mechanism for a glass forming machine comprising a rotational driving unit (31) installed on a frame and interconnected with a rotational shaft (27) on which a linear driving unit is attached, the linear driving unit being connected with a shifting member (11). 
The linear driving unit comprises a linear electric motor (40) 
Some embodiments of the present invention provide an inkjet print head having a housing defining an ink reservoir, a nozzle portion including a nozzle plate defining an ink chamber in fluid communication with the ink reservoir, and forming a fluid flow path between the ink chamber and the ink reservoir, and a substrate coupled to the nozzle plate and having a surface substantially positioned over the nozzle plate. 
At least one heating element can be coupled to the substrate, and can be positioned adjacent the surface to heat a portion of the ink chamber. 
In some embodiments, the inkjet print head comprises a control circuit coupled to the at least one heating element for controlling the heating element, and a temperature sense element positioned substantially between the at least one heating element and the control circuit or in at least partially overlapping relationship with the heating element 
A cardiac rhythm management system provides for assessment of cardiac mechanical dyssynchrony based on heart sound morphology and optimization of pacing parameters based on the effect of pacing on the cardiac mechanical dyssynchrony assessment. 
A degree of cardiac mechanical dyssynchrony is measured by the time delay between tricuspid valve closure and mitral valve closure and/or the time delay between pulmonary valve closure and aortic valve closure. 
A cardiac resynchronization therapy is optimized by determining therapy parameters to provide an approximately minimum degree of cardiac mechanical dyssynchrony by cardiac pacing 
Apparatuses and methods for a ornamental piercing of body parts are disclosed. 
An exemplary a piercing instrument includes a post carrier (104) disposed to translate in a first channel (112) within the body piercing instrument, a nut carrier (106) disposed to translate in second channel (114) within the body piercing instrument in opposition to translation of the post carrier (104) and a synchronizing mechanism (120) between the post carrier (104) and the nut carrier (106) to coordinate opposing motion relative to the body piercing instrument of both the post carrier (104) and the nut carrier (106) simultaneously. 
The synchronizing mechanism (120) can be a gear (130), where the post and nut carriers (104, 106) include racks (126, 128) that engage the gear (130). 
The body piercing instrument can be hand-operated and also include a stabilizing surface (140) to support the body part (116) to be pierced during operation 
A fungicidal composition comprising: an amide compound represented by formula (1) and dimethomorph as active ingredients, and a method for controlling plant diseases applying effective amount of an amide compound represented by formula (1) and dimethomorph to plant(s) or soil where plant(s) are growing 
The present invention is directed to microcapsules having polymeric shells that possess blocking groups (e.g., amine-blocking groups), the removal or cleavage of which act to initiate release of the core material therein, or increase the rate at which such core material is released. 
The present invention is further directed to the formulation of said microcapsules in aqueous dispersions, to the preparation of said microcapsules, and to the use of such microcapsules and dispersions thereof 
A lateral drift vertical metal-insulated field effect transistor (LDVMISFET) with an optimum conducting channel formed in Silicon Carbide, is provided as a power transistor with a voltage rating of greater than 200V. 
The lateral drift region achieves a better on-resistance/breakdown voltage trade-off than the conventional vertical drift region design of power MOSFETs. This is achieved by using an optimal doping and thickness for the voltage blocking and current conduction. 
The drain and backside terminal is able to support at least the rated blocking voltage of the device. 
A vertical MIS channel may be formed on the favorable 11-20 plane to achieve a higher MIS channel mobility as compared to the conventional 0001 or 000-1 planes resulting in a much lower on-resistance for the same blocking voltage as compared to conventional vertical MOSFET with similar blocking voltage 
A computer-implemented method for determining a boundary for binary classification includes providing a data set, initializing a value for noise in the data set (401), and determining a hyperplane dividing the data set and a slack variable given a current value for noise (402). 
The method further includes updating the value for noise and the slack variable given the hyperplane (403), and determining the hyperplane to be the boundary for binary classification of the data set upon determining a termination criterion to be met (404), wherein elements of the data set are classified according to the boundary 
A software system is provided including an Object Process Graph for defining applications and a Dynamic Graph Interpreter that interprets Object Process Graphs. 
An Object Process Graph defines all of an application's manipulations and processing steps and all of the application's data. 
An object Process Graph is dynamic, making it possible to change any aspect of an application's data entry, processing or information display at any time. 
When an Object Process Graph is interpreted, it functions to accept data, process the data and produce information output. 
Modifications made to an Object Process Graph while it is being interpreted take affect immediately and can be saved. 
Objects Process Graphs and Dynamic Graph Interpreters can be deployed on single user workstation computers or on distributed processing environments where central servers store Object Process Graphs and run Dynamic Graph Interpreters, and workstation computers access the servers via the intranet or local intranets 
The present invention is a container lid assembly that includes an integral pump. 
A main feature of the present invention is a pump configuration that activates the reciprocating linear motion of the piston portion of the pump by the rotational movement of a pump actuating element that is interconnected to the piston portion. 
The pump configuration of the present invention may be configured so as to create at least a partial vacuum within the container. 
Alternatively, the pump configuration may be configured so as to pressurize the interior volume of the container. 
The lid consists of two major pieces, a seat portion that includes the pump cylinder, and a rotatable piston portion that includes the pump piston and the interconnected piston actuating element section. 
In preferred embodiments of the present invention, the pump piston and the piston actuating element section are integrally formed. 
The rotatable piston portion is rotatably attached to the seat portion such that rotation of the rotatable piston portion effects linear displacement of the rotatable piston portion with regard to the seat portion 
The invention relates to a frame member seal (2) comprising at least two fixing devices (20), which are configured from plastic or elastomer and are designed to project in corresponding orifices in front of at least one component that is to be sealed 
This invention relates to cells with modified blood group antigen expression of the ABO group phenotype. 
It relates to the enzymatic modification of cell-surface H antigen, by the addition of one or more monosaccharide units generating cells which are serologically equivalent to A or B antigen red blood cells and uses thereof in haematology, immuno-haematology and immunology assays as serology controls 
It is intended to provide an autonomous replication promoter for stem cells; a preventive for cancer; a preventive or a remedy for diseases accompanied by tissue disruption or tissue failure; a medium for culturing stem cells obtained by adding the above-described autonomous replication promoter for stem cells; a stem cell cultured in this medium; a method of producing stem cells; or a method of screening an autonomous replication promoter for hematopoietic stem cells. 
Namely, an autonomous replication promoter for stem cells which contains, as the active ingredient, a substance having at least one activity selected from among an activity of inhibiting the production of active oxygen in stem cells, an activity of eliminating produced active oxygen to thereby lessen active oxygen in stem cells, and an activity of inhibiting an intracellular signaling system induced by the active oxygen; a preventive for cancer; a preventive or a remedy for diseases accompanied by tissue disruption or tissue failure; a medium for culturing stem cells obtained by adding the above-described autonomous replication promoter for stem cells; a stem cell cultured in this medium; a method of producing stem cells; or a method of screening an autonomous replication promoter for hematopoietic stem cells 
A homogenous, symmetrically dividing population of adherent neural stem cells is obtained from ES cells or foetal or adult brain isolates, using an activator of a signalling pathway downstream of a receptor of the EGF receptor family, optionally in combination with an activator of a signalling pathway downstream of an FGF receptor. 
The neural stem cell population is highly pure and retains the ability to differentiate into neurons after in excess of 100 passages 
The present invention relates generally to a tissue preparation including tissue cells and extracts thereof useful for promoting or facilitating the growth, development and differentiation of cells and tissues. 
More particularly, the present invention provides muscle-derived material comprising intact or extracted extracellular matrix and/or cells as well as cytokines, growth factors and other components. 
The muscle preparations of the present invention resemble basement membrane and are derived from cellular-based material. 
The muscle preparation may be used in vitro or in vivo as inter alia, a cellular scaffold in various tissue engineering applications and in other cell culture systems for nurturing and enriching a range of cell types including, but not limited to, precursor and stem cells such as pre-adipogenic cells. 
The muscle preparation is also useful as a base for creams, such as in the cosmetic and topical therapeutic industries and as a matrix or additive in the food industry 
A method of reducing the ethanol content of a beverage which includes ethanol and volatile components: separating the beverage into first and second streams, the first stream including ethanol and the volatile components and the second stream including ethanol but none or little of the volatile components; contacting the second stream with a strip solution to produce a treated second stream to reduce the ethanol concentration thereof; and mixing the treated second stream with the first stream whereby the ethanol content of the beverage is reduced but the volatile components remain substantially unchanged 
A process for producing processed barley for use as a raw material for brewing, which includes a step in which pulverized barley suspended in water is heated to make the pulverized barley pasty 
A cleaning composition which may be a stainless steel cleaning composition comprising a branched ester and an organic solute. 
The use and a method of using the cleaning composition is also included within the scope of the present invention 
A sliding material, comprising a resin porous body soaked with a lubricating oil and having communication holes at a ratio of 30% or more. 
The resin porous body having the communication holes is obtained by molding a resin mixed with a pore forming material into a molded body and extracting the pore forming material from the molded body by using a refrigerant in which the pore melting material is molten and the resin is not molten. 
A sliding bearing comprises a sliding material formed of the sliding material having a sliding surface sliding on a mating material to support the sliding material, and a lubrication oil supply layer formed of a metal sintered body for supplying the lubricating oil 
A novel fuel composition suitable for fueling fluid bed reactors has been discovered. 
The fuel composition comprises a mixture of a combustible base, a densifying component, and a binder. 
The fuel composition can be formed into a briquette that is stable in a fluid bed reactor. 
The amount of densifying component can be adjusted to produce briquettes that exhibit neutral density in the fluid bed. 
At neutral density the briquettes will mix throughout the fluid bed. 
If desired, higher levels of densifying component can be utilized to make briquettes that sink in the fluid bed such that they remain in the combustion zone of the fluid bed. 
The fuel compositions of the present invention allow the use of inexpensive fuels as the combustible base, such as waste petroleum coke and coal 
To provide a novel polyhydroxyalkanoate having a reactive functional group in a molecule and a method of producing the same; and a novel polyhydroxyalkanoate having a new function obtained by chemically modifying the polyhydroxyalkanoate having a reactive functional group and a method of producing the same. 
By utilizing a vinyl group of a polyhydroxyalkanoate containing a unit having the vinyl group at a side chain thereof, a polyhydroxyalkanoate containing units having a carboxyl group, an amide group, and a sulfonic group in a molecule is induced 
A novel polyhydroxyalkanoate having a reactive functional group in a molecule, and a production method thereof, etc. are provided. By utilizing the vinyl group of polyhydroxyalkanoate which contains a unit having a vinyl group on a side chain, a polyhydroxyalkanoate which contains a carboxyl group and a unit having an amide group and a sulfonic acid group in a molecule is derived 
The invention relates to triazolopyrimidines of formula (I), wherein the index n and the substituents R, R<1>, R<2>, and X have the following meanings: X represents nitro, a -C(S)NR<3>R<4> group, a -C (=N-OR<5>)(NR<6>R<7>) group, or a -C(=N-NR<8>R<9>)(NR<10>R<11>) group; R represents halogen, cyano, hydroxy, cyanato, alkyl, alkenyl, alkinyl, alkyl halide, alkenyl halide, alkoxy, alkenyloxy, alkinyloxy, alkoxy halide, cycloalkyl, cycloalkenyl, cycloalkoxy, alkoxycarbonyl, alkenyloxycarbonyl, alkinyloxycarbonyl, aminocarbonyl, alkylaminocarbonyl, dialkylaminocarbonyl, alkoximinoalkyl, alkenyloximinocarbonyl, alkinyloximinoalkyl, alkylcarbonyl, alkenylcarbonyl, alkinylcarbonyl, cycloalkylcarbonyl, or a five-membered to ten-membered saturated, partially unsaturated, or aromatic heterocycle containing one, two, three, or four heteroatoms from the group comprising O, N, or S; R<1 >represents alkyl in which one carbon atom can be replaced by a silicon atom, alkenyl, alkinyl, cycloalkyl, cycloalkenyl, phenyl, naphthyl, or a five-membered to ten-membered saturated, partially unsaturated, or aromatic heterocycle which is bound via a carbon atom and is provided with one, two, three, or four heteroatoms independently selected among O, N, and S as ring members, R<1> being optionally substituted as defined in the description; R<2> represents alkyl, alkenyl, or alkinyl, which can be substituted as defined in the description; R<3>, R<4>, R<5>, R<6>, R<7>, R<8>, R<9>, R<10>, and R<11 >are independently selected among hydrogen, alkyl, cycloalkyl, alkenyl, or alkinyl, the last four radicals mentioned being optionally substituted as defined in the description; or R<3> and R<4>, R<6> and R<7>, R<8> and R<9> and/or R<10> and R<11> form a four-membered, five-membered, or six-membered saturated or partially unsaturated ring along with the nitrogen atom to which the same are bound, said ring being optionally substituted as defined in the description; and n represents 0 or one of the integers 1, 2, 3, or 4. 
Also disclosed are the agriculturally acceptable salts thereof, crop protection agents containing at least one compound of general formula (I) and/or an agriculturally acceptable salt thereof and at least one liquid or solid carrier substance, and a method for controlling plant-pathogenic fungi 
Pyrazoles having a naphthyl group attached are disclosed. 
The compounds are useful for treating type 2 diabetes and related conditions. 
Pharmaceutical compositions and methods of treatment are also included 
The present invention relates to a layered material such as paper, cardboard, or nonwoven web having a printable surface for text or graphics, composed of a base web (1) and a luminescing coating layer containing identification agent sensitive to UV light or similar, a so-called identification layer (2). 
Applied on the base web (1), there is at least one identification layer (2) the surface profile of which conforms to the natural formation of the base web (1) and the surface profile of the other coating layers possibly disposed on top of the base web in such a way that the identification layer (2) is at the areas (21) corresponding to the ridges of the base layer (1) thinner than that at the areas (22) corresponding to the valleys of the base layer (1); and the identification layer (2) substantially and advantageously covering the entire underlying surface; and the identification layer (2) having due to the alterations in the thickness of the coating layer, non- continuous intensity when reacting to UV light or similar, causing a cloud-like appearance. 
The layered material may also contain other coating layers, such as a contrast layer (3) and/or depth layers (4, 5). 
The present invention also relates to a method of manufacturing such a layered material 
A method, and associated system, of sorting municipal solid waste (120) into types of materials, the method including the steps of: sorting the solid waste (120) into an oversize fraction (180), a midsize fraction (170) and an undersize fraction (160); using at least manual-based (210, 330), density-based (234, 310), further size-based (346) and metal-based (318) sorting means to obtain a partial oversize fraction (236), a first partial midsize fraction (348) and a second partial midsize fraction (350); combining the partial oversize fraction (236) and the first partial midsize fraction (348) to produce an oversize-midsize combined fraction (237), and combining the undersize fraction (160) and the second partial midsize fraction (350) to produce an undersize-midsize combined fraction (412); and, using further sorting means to further sort the oversize-midsize combined fraction (237) and the undersize-midsize combined fraction (412) into types of materials 
The present invention provides N-aryl piperidine compounds having antiinfective activity (i.e., antibacterial, antiviral), their compositions and methods of use. 
The compounds of the invention prevent the entry of HIV into host cells. 
More particularly, the compounds are effective at in inhibiting the binding interaction of HIV glycoprotein gp120 and the cell surface receptor CD4. 
The compounds can be used alone or in combination with other antivirals, antiinfectives, immunomodulators, or HIV entry inhibitors. 
More particularly, the invention relates to the prevention and treatment of HIV infectivity and AIDS 
The present invention relates to methods for preventing, treating, or ameliorating neuronal damage resulting from a central nervous system disorder or injury in an animal comprising administering to the animal D-methionine 
An ultrasonic probe superimposes a DC bias signal on a high-frequency pulse and applies it to static capacity type ultrasonic vibrators (1-1 to 1-n) for transmitting/receiving an ultrasonic wave. 
A transmission control system includes a bias adjusting devices (6-1 to 6-m) for adjusting the voltage value of the DC bias signal. 
A reception control system includes a band processing unit (10) having a plurality of different band characteristics including at least for low band transmission and high band transmission and capable of selecting one of the band characteristics. 
For example, control of the voltage setting of the bias adjusting devices (6-1 to 6-m) is interlocked with band characteristic selection of the band processing unit (10) 
A smoking article includes a filter element having MCM-41 as a mesoporous molecular sieve. 
Also, a smokable article includes a smokable material and a wrapping paper having MCM-41 as the mesoporous molecular sieve. The mesoporous molecular sieve may be used in combination with charcoal or impregnated with copper oxide to further enhance filtration 
The present invention provides a method of making a food or drink product, the method comprising the steps of (i) producing a ice slurry by forming ice within a concentrated solution of the unflavoured or uncoloured product; (ii) adding a desired flavour or colouring to the ice slurry; and (iii) diluting the ice slurry with chilled or supercooled solution to produce an iced product of the desired composition and ice fraction 
Method and transmitting frames to an access terminal during handoff, comprising identifying a first plurality of frames with a first route identifier, identifying a second plurality of frames with a second route identifier, and transmitting said frames over a wireless link according to the route identifier 
For a given decision order, MMSE successive interference cancellation (MMSE-SIC) can simultaneously maximize SIRs of all users. 
To further increase its efficiency, a power control (PC) algorithm, under equal BER criterion, is disclosed for uplink MC-CDMA. 
In frequency-selective Rayleigh fading channels, the MMSE-SIC integrated with the equal BER PC suppresses multiple access interference (MAI) effectively, resulting in a performance very close to the single user bound (SUB) 
A method in an approval service (106) and a corresponding method in a user identity unit (102, 118) for securing of an electronic transaction. 
The method comprises a number of steps that begins with receiving of a request of approving a business transaction associated with at least one user identity (102, 103, 118, 119) and one business service, after which a check of the authority of the user identity to use the business service is performed. 
An exchange with the user identity is then performed of an encrypted and signed verification document that comprises at least information about the business transaction. The business transaction is then approved depending on the contents of the verification document. 
The present invention relates to a promotional aid comprising a substantially flat plastic film sample which comprises at least one quality which is substantially similar to at least one quality of a medical device. 
The promotional aids of the present invention may be sent directly to consumers 
A polarization-maintaining cube corner retroreflector apparatus (200, 300, 400) that provides output light having a desired polarization state. 
The apparatus has a cube corner retroreflector (202, 302, 402) and a polarization-manipulating optical structure (204, 304, 306, 404, 406, 408) that provides output light having a desired polarization state. 
The polarization-manipulating optical structure (204, 304, 306, 404, 406, 408) can be one or more polarization-manipulating optical components (204, 304, 306, 404, 406, 408) such as a retarder, an optical rotator formed of a material having optical activity, an optical rotator formed of a material exhibiting the Faraday Effect, or some combination of these components 
The absorber silencer of the compressor of an exhaust gas turbocharger is mounted in the area of the flow duct downstream from the compressor wheel. 
The absorption silencer can be mounted in front of or after the guiding device or as an integral component thereof at the height of this guiding device. 
The inventive realization of the secondary measures directly lead, at the source, to the existence of only a few undamped areas that dominate the entire emission 
The present invention concerns the use of organic copper complexes based on bisazomethines which, when added as light stabilizers to a dyebath for dyeing textiles, especially undyed polyamide, give rise to much less copper in the dyehouse effluent than substances hitherto used 
A crankshaft (280) has a non-homogenous structure is unitarily formed in a powder metallurgy process with at least two different metallic (32) constituents providing dissimilar characteristics at discrete locations of the structure 
The invention relates to a method for preventing the occurrence of wrinkling in a metal plate due to compressive stresses in the metal plate during cold pressing of the latter, and a method for manufacture of an object, starting from a metal plate (10), whereby the object is formed by cold pressing of the metal plate. 
The cold pressing of the metal plate (10) is preceded by providing slits (12) in the portions (11) of the metal plate where compressive stresses occur as a result of the cold pressing and where wrinkling in the metal plate due to these compressive stresses is to be prevented, said slits (12) being adapted so that the compressive stresses which occur in these portions (11) of the metal plate as a result of the cold pressing of the metal plate cause local thickening (22) of the metal plate in a region around the bottom (15) of each slit (12) 
The invention relates to the use of a monoamine neurotransmitter re-uptake inhibitor comprising a 2,3-disubstituted tropane moiety for the preparation of a medicament for inhibiting beta -amyloid generation 
A lighting system is disclosed in which the mains supply (12) is connected to an interface (14) which includes a series of switches (16). 
Each switch controls one or more lights (10). 
The switches (16) and lights (10) are connected by twin core wires (18). 
Radio frequency transmitters (or remotes) (20) are coded to operate selected switches (16). 
The radio frequency signals transmitted are received by a receiver (22) which discriminates between coded signals and feeds an actuating signal to the appropriate switch (16) 
A method, device, and system provide location-based execution rights for applications in mobile terminals. 
The method, for example, includes setting a key for location-based identification of a mobile terminal where the key corresponds to an application; upon executing the application, checking the key for a condition indicating that execution rights are available; ending the application if the condition indicates execution rights are not available; and continuing execution of the application if the condition indicates execution rights are available 
In order to realize a semiconductor device for overvoltage protection enabling to obtain a stabilized blocking voltage, a first P type conductive region (2) and a first N type conductive region (3) are formed in an N type semiconductor substrate (100) and second P type conductive regions (40, 41) are formed contiguously to the first P type conductive region (2) such that breakdown is determined in the first P type conductive region (2). 
Since the breakdown voltage is insusceptible to interface charges or interface trap due to this structure, the breakdown voltage is stabilized and the blocking voltage is not varied easily 
[PROBLEMS] To provide a technique achieving a performance surpassing the current CMOS technology from the viewpoint of microfabrication and power consumption, and capable of realizing a logic circuit of a system not contradictory to mounting a classic computer employing an existing sequential circuit. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] A quantum device comprises first conductive members (101a, 101b) and second conductive members (102a, 102b) confining carriers in the z direction and having two-dimensional electron gas on the xy plane, third conductive members (103a, 103b) generating an electric field having an effect on the first conductive members (101a, 101b), an insulating member (104) easily passing a tunnel current between the first conductive members (101a, 101b) and the second conductive members (102a, 102b), and an insulating member (105) hardly passing a tunnel current between the first conductive members (101a, 101b) and the third conductive members (103a, 103b). 
An electric field generated by a potential applied to the third conductive members (103a, 103b) has an effect on the sub-band of the first conductive members (101a, 101b) 
A method for forming a fine particle array on a substrate, which comprises fixing metal oxide particles (Fe2O3 fine particles)(104) on a p-type silicon semiconductor substrate (101), embedding the metal oxide particles within an oxidized silicon film (106), and subjecting the resultant particles to heat treatment in a reducing gas atmosphere, to thereby form reduced fine particles (FeO fine particles)(107). 
The re-oxidation of the reduced fine particles (FeO fine particles)(107) through the exposure to the atmosphere can be inhibited by the presence of the oxidized silicon film (106). 
The above method allows the formation of fine particles on a substrate, wherein the re-oxidation of the reduced fine particles is inhibited 
Disclosed is an SOI substrate comprising a supporting substrate composed of a semiconductor single crystal and an active layer composed of a semiconductor single crystal which is bonded onto the supporting substrate via an oxide film. 
By forming the oxide film only on the active layer and etching the surface of the active layer selectively using reactive radicals produced by plasma etching, the active layer is formed to have a thickness of 10-200 nm and the thickness difference in the entire active layer is set not more than 1.5 nm 
A multilayer semiconductor device in which heat dissipation properties are enhanced. 
A coupling lead (4) connected between an MOSFET (1) and a control IC (2) on a supporting plate (3) of the semiconductor device comprises a base body (6) having one end (6a) forming one major surface (4a) of a coupling lead (4) conductively bonded with the other major surface (1b) of the MOSFET (1) and exhibiting heat dissipation properties and conductivity, and a body to be coated (7) bonded onto one end (6a) of the base body (6) and forming the other major surface (4b) of the coupling lead (4) supporting the control IC (2) while exhibiting electric insulation and high heat transmission resistance. 
A current is supplied to the MOSFET (1) through the supporting plate (3) and the base body (6) of the coupling lead (4) becoming a current passage, and heat generated through operation of the MOSFET (1) is dissipated efficiently through the supporting plate (3) and the base body (6) of the coupling lead (4), thus supplying a large current to the MOSFET (1) while ensuring sufficient heat dissipation properties 
The invention relates to a method for counteracting the escape of radioactive iodine form the cooling system of a water-cooled nuclear reactor. 
According to said method, a reductant is introduced into the cooling system of the reactor during the shut-down and/or subsequent aftercooling mode of said reactor 
The invention relates to a method for controlling and adjusting a wind turbine comprising a machine housing that can be displaced by an azimuth angle, at least one rotor blade that can be displaced about its longitudinal axis and a power supply for a spin mode. 
Said method comprises the following steps: a control unit determines an angular position for the machine housing and one or more displacement angles for the rotor blade or blades from measured values (v) for the wind speed and the wind direction; if a measured wind speed exceeds a predetermined speed value (v1<*>, v2<*>), at least one azimuth drive that is fed by the power supply displaces the machine housing into the angular position ( alpha ) that has been determined by the control unit and at least one pitch drive that is fed by the power supply displaces the rotor blade or blades into the angular position ( phi ) that has been determined by the control unit. When in the set position, the rotor blade or blades rotate(s) at a speed in a predetermined speed range 
A method for producing succinic acid from industrial-grade hydrolysates uses an organism that contains mutations for the genes ptsG, pflB, and ldhA, and allows the organism to accumulate biomass, and allow s the organism to metabolize the hydrolysate. 
A bacteria mutant produces succinic acid from substrate contained in industrial-grade hydro-lysate in a ratio of between 0.6:1 and 1.3:1 succinic acid to substrate 
This invention describes a series of recombinant Thermoanaerobacterium saccharolyticum glucose isomerases having improved catalytic activity and thermostability. 
The recombinant glucose isomerases can be used for direct production of fructose syrup containing 55 wt% or higher concentration of fructose, or used for the production of fructose syrup containing less than 55 wt% fructose 
Potato leaf transformed by a vector which expresses an immunogenic protein gene R7 originating in the second generation schizont of Leucocytozoon caulleryi is administered as an oral vaccine to chickens. 
As a result, the antibody titer of the chickens can be successfully elevated 
A 9-fatty acid hydroperoxide lyase gene comprising the base sequence represented by SEQ ID NO:1 and a 9-fatty acid hydroperoxide lyase gene comprising the base sequence represented by SEQ ID NO:5 
Compositions and methods for treating noninflammatory pain, including but not limited to, neuropathic pain by using peroxisome proliferator activated receptor a (PPARa) agonists to treat a subject having such pain are described. 
The agonists may be used with additional therapeutic agents such as an inhibitor of fatty acid amide hydrolase or a cannabinoid CB1 or CB2 cannabinoid receptor agonist 
The mechanism by which the high bone mass (HBM) mutation (G171V) of the Wnt coreceptor LRP5 regulates the canonical Wnt signaling was investigated. 
The mutation was previously shown to reduce Dkk protein-1-mediated antagonism, suggesting that the first YWTD repeat domain where G171 is located may be responsible for Dkk protein-mediated antagonism. 
However, we found that the third YWTD repeat, but not the first repeat domain, is required for DKK1-mediated antagonism. 
Instead, we found that the G171V mutation disrupted the interaction of LRP5 with Mesd, a chaperon protein for LRP5/6 molecules on the cell surface. 
Although the reduction in the level of cell surface LRP5 molecules led to a reduction in Wnt signaling in a paracrine paradigm, the mutation did not appear to affect the activity of coexpressed Wnt in an autocrine paradigm. 
Together with the observation that osteoblast cells produce autocrine canonical Wnt, Wnt7b, and that osteocytes produce paracrine Dkk1, we believe that the G171V mutation may cause an increase in Wnt activity in osteoblastls by reducing the numnber of targets for paracrine Dkk1 to antagonize without affecting the activity of autocrine Wnt 
An absorbent article has a topsheet, an absorbent core, and a layered acquisition/distribution transfer system disposed intermediate the topsheet and the absorbent core. 
The system has at least a pair of apertured films including a first film facing the topsheet and a second film facing the absorbent core. 
Each film is three-dimensional, formed of a wettable and substantially non-absorbent thermoplastic polymer, and defines pores which taper inwardly in a first direction from the topsheet to the absorbent core. 
The first film has a larger average pore size than the second film 
Soluble and stable liquid compositions containing a plant growth regulator selected from the group consisting of cytokinin and a gibberellin, an acid solubilizer such as citric acid, tartaric acid or glycolic acid and a solvent; as well as methods for making and using the composition are disclosed. 
The compositions improve solubility, handling, stability, safety, as well as activity improvements such as improved plant growth, yield, fruit thinning or sizing and quality. 
The compositions are soluble and stable by adding an ethoxylated alkyl alcohol wherein the growth regulator is 6-benzyladenine (6-BA) or forchlorfenuron (CPPU) and the ethoxylated alcohol surfactant is C12-15 alkyl alcohol in propylene glycol. 
The compositions may also contain a cytokinin such as 6-benzyladenine (6-BA) or forchlorfenuron (CPPU) that is increased in solubility and activity and by synergistically combined with GA3 or GA4A7 as well as in storage stability by adding an antioxidant. 
The compositions are formulated in a ready-to-mix formulation 
[PROBLEMS] To provide a preservative solution for cells, tissues and organs which comprises a rare sugar and a preservation method with the use of the solution. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] A preservative solution for the cold preservation of animal or human organs and animal and plant tissues or cells which contains a rare sugar D-allose. 
A preservative solution for the cold preservation of human kidney, cells originating in humans or animals or human or animal sperm and/or ovum and/or fertilized ovum wherein the cold preservation is performed at from -5 to 20°C. A preservative solution for the cold preservation of cells originating in humans or animals or human or animal sperm and/or ovum and/or fertilized ovum wherein the cold preservation is performed at a temperature corresponding to the freezing point to -196°C. A method of the cold preservation of an animal or human organ, an animal or plant tissue or cells which comprises (a) refluxing or immersing a preservative solution for the cold preservation containing a rare sugar D-allose together with the organ or the tissue or mixing the cells therewith, and (b) cooling the organ, the tissue or the cells to a low temperature of from -5 to 20°C 
Method and firewall architecture system for providing security to web services. 
A firewall architecture can determine whether data in a web service message is valid and then can determine whether the source of the web service message is authorized to pass through the firewall architecture. 
If it is determined that the web service message is authorized to pass through the firewall architecture, the web service message is forwarded to its destination 
The invention relates to thermoelectric generators or Peltier arrays which comprise a telluride as the thermoelectrically active semiconducting element. 
The inventive generators or Peltier arrays are characterized in that the positively polarized atoms of the crystal lattice of the telluride are partially replaced by silicon and/or germanium 
The present invention provides methods for diagnosing the presence or severity of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) in an individual and methods for stratifying IBD by determining the level of one or more IBD markers in a sample from the individual and calculating an index value using an algorithm based upon the level of the IBD markers. 
Methods for monitoring the efficacy of IBD therapy, monitoring the progression or regression of IBD, and optimizing therapy in an individual having IBD are also provided 
It is intended to provide a method of assaying hyaluronic acid by using a support which suffers from little sedimentation of the support, is excellent in storage stability and shows such a high accuracy as being comparable with the existing reagents; and a reagent kit. 
Namely, a method of assaying hyaluronic acid characterized by comprising contacting hyaluronic acid in a sample with HABP to form a hyaluronic acid/HABP complex, then reacting the complex with a support carrying an anti-HABP antibody, measuring an optical change caused by an aggregate formed by the above reaction and calculating the amount of hyaluronic acid based on the measurement data; and a reagent kit for assaying hyaluronic acid which comprises a reagent containing HABP and a support carrying an anti-HABO antibody 
It is intended to provide a method whereby histamine can be quickly and conveniently detected. 
Namely, a method comprising the reaction step of reacting a liquid sample likely containing histamine with 2,3-naphthalene dicarboxylaldehyde at a pH value lower than 10, and the step of detecting the histamine based on the color development caused by the reaction in the above step. 
According to this method, obvious coloration can be established in the visible region and thus histamine can be conveniently and quickly detected 
Abrasive particles which is reduced to an utmost limit in the occurrence of the latent flaw in an article to be polished, with the retention of the polishing rate at a substantially high level, and a method for the evaluation thereof are provided. 
An aqueous dispersion of an abrasive material formed by adding abrasive particles to be measured to an aqueous medium is irradiated with an ultrasonic wave, and then a ratio (which is defined as a dispersion ratio (xi)) of the disappearance of the particles having a particle diameter of a specific value or more before the irradiation, due to the ultrasonic wave irradiation, is measured, wherein xi is represented by the formula (1): xi = [(V0-Vt)/V0] X 100 (%) (1) [wherein V0 represents the amount of particles having a particle diameter of a specific value or more being present before the ultrasonic irradiation, and Vt represents the amount of particles having a particle diameter of the specific value or more being present after the ultrasonic irradiation]. 
Use is made of the abrasive particles exhibiting a dispersion ratio of a specific value or higher 
Sol-gel derived monolithic silica columns containing entrapped dihydrofolate reductase were used for frontal affinity chromatography of small molecule mixtures. 
The output from the column combined with a second stream containing the matrix molecule (HCCA) and was directly deposited onto a conventional MALDI plate that moved relative to the column via a computer controlled x-y stage, creating a semi-permanent record of the FAC run. 
The use of MALDI MS allowed for a decoupling of the FAC and MS methods allowing significantly higher ionic strength buffers to be used for FAC studies, which allowed for better retention of protein activity over multiple runs 
An eddy current flaw inspecting probe (MP) for inspecting flaws on an inspecting object is composed of one rectangular inspecting coil (C1) and four pancake-shaped magnetizing coils (C21-C24). 
The inspecting coil (C1) and the magnetizing coils (C21-C24) are arranged to orthogonally intersect. 
The magnetizing coils (C21-C24) are arranged in an inspecting coil (C1). 
The eddy current flaw inspecting device (MP) is arranged on an inspecting object (T) so as to have the inspecting coil (C1) vertical to the inspecting object (T) and the magnetizing coils (C21-C24) parallel to the inspecting object (T). 
A magnetizing signal is applied on the magnetizing coils (C21-C24) through subsequent switching so as to evade interference 
A biomimetic odor sensor that makes no use of an oxide semiconductor or quartz oscillator, being less susceptible to atmospheric moisture, and that has a simple structure, realizing reduced production cost, and that exhibits high reaction rate, being wet so as to be close to the state of nasal mucosa of human olfactus organ. 
There is provided odor sensor (10) comprising mixed material (12) having beta-carotin and a reducing agent capable of preventing the oxidation of beta-carotin dispersed in a viscous liquid, and comprising, disposed in contact with the mixed material (12), negative electrode (16) and positive electrode (18) 
Generally, measurement of specific heat requires a very long time and the instrument cost is high. 
The variation with time of the temperature of a sample having a known density and a predetermined volume is measured when the sample is brought from an environment of a first temperature to another of a second temperature, the thermal time constant is determined from the measured variation, and the specific heat is calculated from the thermal time constant. 
In this method, a vibration densitometer can be used. 
That is, the above predetermined volume corresponds to the volume of when the sample is introduced into the vibration densitometer, the above density is the result of measurement by means of the vibration densitometer, and the above thermal time constant corresponds to the time constant of the vibration period of the vibration densitometer 
A measuring system capable of appropriately evaluating response of a measuring object to a stimulus applied at a specified timing to only a part of the measuring object, e.g. a cell. 
An inspection system comprises an optical tweezer unit (2) for holding a fine particle (20), a lens (10) and an actuator (16) for moving the fine particle (20) toward the measuring object, a photodetector (15) divided into four and measuring a force acting from the fine particle (20) to the measuring object (35), and a confocal unit (3) and a microscope unit (4) with which the measuring object (35) can be viewed in an enlarged size 
The invention relates to a storage tray, for material for cooling in a refrigerator, with an upper side (1) and a lower side (2), between which perforations (3) are arranged in a regular pattern and feet (6), extending from the underside (2) 
The invention relates to an exhaust system for a drive train constituted by a transmission and an engine. Said exhaust system comprises exhaust-carrying pipes (2, 4, 10, 12, 18, 20), at least one muffler and catalyst housing (14, 16, 22, 24, 26, 28), and a retaining part (38), mounted on the transmission and/or the engine, on whose retaining limbs (42a, 42b) the exhaust system can be fastened or suspended. 
According to the invention, a fastening clamp (44, 46) for receiving a catalyst housing (22, 24) is provided on the end of the respective retaining limb (42a, 42b) 
The present invention relates to a sort of pure cotton fabric which is hydrophobic and hydrophilic at in- and out­side or at inner layer and outer layer respectively, and also to the process for making the same. 
The fabric has essentially hydrophobic cotton as its inner layer, and essentially hydrophilic cotton as its outer layer, and can unidirectionally transmits moisture. 
The process consists primarily in that, the pure cotton yarns of the outer layer and the inner layer undergo respectively a hydrophilic finish and a hydrophobic finish to obtain hydrophilic yarns and hydrophobic finished yarns correspondingly; and then by knitting, a fabric or tissue with a difference in hydrophobicity and hydrophility at inner layer and outer layer is obtained, which has the sweating function and feels comfortable for wearers 
A composition comprises a condensation product of an amine-reactive fluorinated polyether and a polyamine. 
The compositions may be in dispersed in water 
The invention relates to a method for removing residual monomers from polyoxymethylene homo- or copolymers with the following method steps: a) in a degasifying device, the residual monomers are drawn out in the form of vapors from the polymers; b) the residual monomer vapors are led away via a vapor line; c) in a condensation device, the residual monomers are condensed out of the vapors at 1.09 to 102.4 bar and at 102 to 230 DEG C, during which a temperature of at least 102 DEG C must be maintained at every point on the condensation device, and the surfaces of the condensation device that come into contact with the vapors are covered with a liquid film comprised of condensed residual monomers. 
This invention provides compounds of Formula II: wherein: R<SUP>1</SUP>, R<SUP>2</SUP> and X are defined hereinbefore in the specification, which are useful in the treatment of cancer, stroke, myocardial infarction, neuropathic pain, osteoporosis, polycystic kidney disease, autoimmune disease, rheumatoid arthritis, and transplant rejection. 
The invention also provides processes for producing said compounds 
This invention provides an efficient method for synthesizing trithiocarbonate RAFT agents, RSC(S)SR', that can be used in the living polymerization of methacrylates and other olefinic monomers. 
This invention also provides an efficient method of synthesizing bis(alkylsulfanylthiocarbonyl) disulfides that are useful as intermediates in the synthesis of trithiocarbonate RAFT agents 
A hybrid of vinyl flooring and soft cushioned carpet is provided. 
The hybrid flooring, which is suitable for production into tiles, utilizes woven PVC fabric that is bonded to a flexible backing. 
The fabric comprises woven solid color and/or multi-color yarns in order to produce different visual styles. 
These yarns comprise a ceramic fiber core, preferably fiberglass, onto which PVC is extruded in order to form a PVC jacket. 
The core provides the yarn with sufficient tensile strength so it can be woven while the PVC provides durability, resistance to wear and color. 
After the fabric is woven, it is sent through a tentering or curing oven which fuses the warp and fill yarns of the fabric, thereby stabilizing the fabric, preserving its integrity and preventing it from unraveling 
A prosthesis (10) for a heart valve (e.g., the mitral valve) is generally C-shaped in plan view. 
Points at the top (12) and bottom (14) of the C lie in a plan view plane. 
The back (30) of the C rises above the plan view plane between the top and bottom points. 
Free end portions (42, 44) of the C may also rise above the plan view plane. 
The prosthesis is accordingly saddle-shaped. 
The back of the C may have an indentation that extends toward the open side of the C. In use as a mitral valve prosthesis the top and bottom of the C are respectively adjacent the commissures of the valve, and the back of the C is adjacent the posterior section of the valve. 
The prosthesis may be rigid or semi-rigid 
A method for providing security to a computer network by selectively blocking network transmissions from selected IP addresses comprising the steps of: establishing a risk threshold whereby transmissions from IP addresses exceeding said risk threshold are selectively blocked; receiving a network transmission having an originating IP address and payload; analyzing the payload of said transmission and assigning a current risk rating to said IP address on the basis of said analysis; comparing the originating IP address of said transmission to a database of known IP addresses, each of said previous cumulative assigned risk rating being based on at least one previous transmission from a known IP address;known IP addresses having a previous cumulative assigned risk rating, assigning a new cumulative risk rating to said originating IP address, said new cumulative risk rating being the sum of said current risk rating and said previous cumulative assigned risk rating for said originating IP address, with the proviso that where said originating IP address is not contained in said database of known IP addresses, the new cumulative risk rating will equal the current risk rating; logging the new cumulative risk rating for said originating IP address in said database of known IP addresses, with the proviso that where the originating IP address of said transmission is not contained in said database of known IP addresses, a new record is created for the originating IP address and said new cumulative risk rating in said database of known IP addresses; comparing said new cumulative risk rating to said risk threshold; and automatically blocking said transmission if said new cumulative risk rating exceeds said risk threshold 
In order to analyze an information signal, which has a series of blocks of information units, whereby a number of successive blocks of the series of blocks depicts an information entity, identification results for successive fingerprints are prepared (12) while using a series of fingerprints for the series of blocks, whereby an identification result depicts an association of a block of information units with a predetermined information entity. 
After this, at least two hypotheses are formed (14) from the identification results for the successive fingerprints. 
A first hypothesis is an assumption for the association of the series of blocks with a first information entity, and the second hypothesis is an assumption for the association of the series of blocks with the second information entity. 
Afterwards, different hypotheses are tested (16) in order to obtain a test result on the basis of which an assertion concerning the information signal is made (20). 
This results in obtaining a meaningful and reliable continuous-time analysis of an information signal 
A tool for attaching fine preformed probes to a substrate for use with a vacuum source is disclosed. 
The apparatus comprises a body portion; a tip portion disposed at one end of the body portion; a first orifice extending from a first end of the body portion to the working tip; and at least one second orifice extending from an outer portion of the working tip and communicating with the first orifice, wherein the vacuum source is coupled to the body portion so that a vacuum generated by the vacuum source is provided to the at least one second orifice 
The invention relates to a brake disk/hub assembly consisting of a hub (3) and a brake disk axially displaceable with respect thereto, wherein a sliding sleeve (4) is guided in such a way that it is axially displaceable and the brake disk is mounted on said sliding sleeve in such a way that it is fixed with respect thereto 
A high temperature corrosion resistant stainless steel having a composition (by weight) of: C <= 0.2 %, but more than zero, N <= 0.1 % but more than zero, 0 <= 0.1 % but more than zero, Si <= 0.4 % but more than zero, Al <= 0.5 % but more than zero, Mn <= 0.5 % but more than zero, Cr 20 to 25 %, Ni <= 2.0 % but more than zero, Zr + Hf 0,01 to 0.1 %, Ti <= 0.5 % but more than zero, Mo + W <= 2.5 % but more than zero, Nb + Ta <= 1.25 % but more than zero, V <= 0.5 % but more than zero, and balance of Fe and naturally occurring impurities and not more than 0.010 % of S impurity. This steel is particularly suitable for the manufacturing of interconnects in solid oxide fuel cells. 
A method of refining molten metal in a vessel by the reaction of oxygen with impurities in the molten metal comprises the steps of: a) ejecting at least one primary jet of oxygen from a lance positioned above the molten metal into the molten metal to react with impurities therein and to form a layer of molten slag; b) continuing to eject the primary jet of oxygen from the lance and thereby causing the primary bet of oxygen to pass through the slag layer into the molten metal; c) ejecting a plurality of secondary jets of oxygen from the lance, the secondary jet of oxygen travelling for a distance separately from the primary jet of oxygen; and d) entraining the secondary jets of oxygen into the primary jet of oxygen upstream of the entry of the primary jet of oxygen into the molten metal. 
A lance head for use in the method has at least one primary oxygen port and a plurality of secondary oxygen ports, the axis of the second oxygen port diverging in the direction of flow from the primary oxygen port at an angle of up to 45°. 
The method and lance head are particularly of use in the Basic Oxygen Steelmaking (BOS) process. 
If desired, a stirring gas such as argon may be mixed with the primary oxygen 
The invention provides reagents and kits for introducing a fixed charge to the side-chain of methionine, and peptides and proteins containing methionine, for selective identification by tandem mass spectrometry. 
The reagents are based on substituted acetophenones according to the following formula: The reagents of the present invention may also be used for differential quantitation of peptide concentrations between two different samples, by incorporation of stable isotope labels to the reagent, to yield a 'light' form (containing only natural isotopes), and a 'heavy' form by incorporating stable isotope labels into the substituent. 
These reagents give a mass difference of at least 8 Daltons and up to 13 Daltons between 'light' and 'heavy' reagents 
Support leg truck with wheels (5) or rollers in the front edges of the support legs (1, 2) and in the rear end, with a drive wheel (3) on one side and a pivot wheel on the other side, one support leg (1) being more strongly dimensioned than the other one (2) so that when load subjected the greatest force is taken by the support wheel (5) of this and the drive wheel (3) respectively. 
Advantageously the stronger support leg (1) is arranged diagonally in relation to the drive wheel (3) 
An engine assembly (1, 1', 1 ) including at least one pod (2) connected to a supporting leg (3, 3', 3 ), a propeller (4) with at least two blades (14) located at the back of the pod, and an arrangement of at least three flow-directing fins (50-55, 3'A) attached to the pod (2). 
The fin arrangement forms a ring (5) substantially perpendicular to the longitudinal axis (X) of the pod (2), which ring is within an area (Zx) located between the central portion of the supporting leg (3, 3', 3 ) and the propeller. 
The assembly further includes a nozzle (6) around all or part of the propeller and said ring (5). 
The blades (14) each have one end of which one edge (7) is flush with the inner wall of the nozzle (6) so that the propeller (4) acts as the impeller of an axial-flow pump 
A method for treating cardiac arrhythmia includes infusing an agent, adapted to facilitate treating the arrhythmia, directly into a cardiac vein and delivering a defibrillating shock between two electrodes 
A distinctive process for making a garment including an absorbent assembly is disclosed. 
The process includes transporting a first web and a second web and joining the first web and the second web to provide a crotch seam. 
Portions of the webs may also be removed to provide an opening, and an absorbent assembly may be disposed on the first web proximate the opening. 
Portions of one or both of the webs may also be directed in the cross machine direction and the edges of the webs attached together to form a waist opening and a pair of leg openings 
The inventive shoe tree comprises one blow-moulded part (1) and one injection-moulded part (4), both of which are made from plastic. The two parts are clamped together using lugs (7 and 7') which project out from one end of the injection-moulded part (4) and which are fixed to the blow-moulded part (1) by means of recesses (3 and 3') which are provided on the inner faces of flanges (2 and 2') that extend from said part (1). 
In addition, the injection-moulded part (4) is equipped with a curved vertical extension (10) comprising a stiffening rib (11) 
Disclosed is a shoe in which at least one vent hole, formed in an upper of the shoe for ventilation, is prevented from being clogged by foreign substances. 
The shoe of the present invention includes a sole (60) and an upper (50) coupled to the sole (60). A plurality of vent holes (51) is formed in the upper (50) to allow air to enter and exit the shoe. 
A protection band (70) is attached to an outer surface of the upper (50) to form an air passage (71) between the upper (50) and the protection band (70) through which the vent holes (51) communicate with each other. 
Air entrances (72) and (73) are defined on ends of the protection band (70) such that the air passage (71) communicates with the atmosphere. 
A downward bent part (75) is provided at an end of the protection band (70) so that the end of the protection band (70) faces towards the ground 
An environmental and healthy cigarette filter is characterized by that the said filter is made up of constitute material by weight ratio, which comprises as following: coffee bean 1-10 starch 1-10 sugar 1-10. 
The present invention can effectively absorb harmful matters in cigarette such as tar and nicotine, etc., maintaining the primary flavor of the cigarette and contributing to human health and environmental sanitation 
The invention refers to a milking device and a connector member (7). 
A milk-transporting conduit (1) is attachable to a teat of an animal and connected to a milk-collecting member (5). 
A pump device (6) is connected to the milk-transporting conduit for producing a relatively low pressure for sucking milk from the teat to the milk-collecting member via the milk-transporting conduit. 
A gas inlet member is provided for the introduction of a gas into the milk-transporting conduit in order to permit the transport of milk. 
The gas inlet member includes a nozzle channel and a passage, which are joined to each other at a common intermediate connection in such a way that the passage enables communication to the surrounding environment and the nozzle channel enables communication to the milk-transporting conduit. 
The gas inlet member also includes an additional conduit, which is joined to the intermediate connection 
In the method of the invention new devices are discoveried in a device management system in a mobile telecommunication network. 
The system comprises a device management server side application and a device management client side application and databases. 
The method is mainly characterized by the combined steps of detecting a new device active in the mobile network, detecting information of handset capabilities of said device, downloading of update information to said device on the basis of the terminal capabilities of said new device, and alerting said device to connect to the device management server in order to start a device management session. 
The device management system of the invention is mainly characterized by a component for detection of new devices active in the mobile network, a database implementing a device identity repository, a database implementing a repository of handset capabilities, a component for downloading update information to devices in the network, and a component for server initiated management alert 
A temporary-identity-storage method for user equipment includes receiving authentication challenge information and at least one temporary identity, processing the authentication challenge information, and determining whether the processing step results in successful authentication. 
The user equipment includes mobile equipment and a subscriber identity module. 
Responsive to a determination that the authentication was successful, the received at least one temporary identity is considered to be valid. 
If the received at least one temporary identity is at least one pseudonym and an appropriate data file to the store the at least one pseudonym is available in the subscriber identity module, the at least one pseudonym is stored and any previously-stored pseudonym is over-­written in the subscriber identity module. 
If the received at least one temporary identity is at least one pseudonym and an appropriate data file to the store the at least one pseudonym is not available in the subscriber identity module, the at least one pseudonym is stored and any previously-stored pseudonym is over-written in the mobile equipment. This Abstract is provided to comply with rules requiring an Abstract that allows a searcher or other reader to quickly ascertain subject matter of the technical disclosure. 
The present invention addresses scalability and end-to-end reliability in overlay multicast networks. 
A simple end-system multicast architecture (Fig. 3) that is both scalable in throughput and reliable in an end-to-end way is used. 
In this architecture, the transfers between nodes use TCP with backpressure mechanisms to provide data packet transfers between intermediate nodes (16) having finite-size forwarding buffers (22). 
There is also a finite­size backup buffer (24) in each node to store copies of packets which are copied out from the receiver window (20) to the forwarding buffers (22). 
These backup buffers (24) are used when TCP connections are re-established to supply copies of data packets for the children nodes (18) after their parent node fails, maintaining a complete sequence of data packets to all nodes within the multicast overlay network. 
The architecture provides end-to-end reliability, tolerates multiple simultaneous node failures and provides positive throughput for any group size and any buffer size 
Techniques are provided for controlling access message flow. The techniques include receiving one or more access messages; determining one or more sets of features, one for each access message; receiving a particular access message; determining a particular set of one or more features for the particular access message; determining whether the particular access message satisfies a particular condition based on the particular set of one or more features and the one or more sets of features; and if the particular access message satisfies the particular condition, performing a responsive action based on the particular condition 
A method of operating a communication system in which transmissions in a first direction, say from a base station, comprise frames formed by data packets and transmissions in a second direction, say from a user equipment (U E), comprise substantially continuous transmissions having acknowledgement fields (ARQ-A, ARQ-B) for data packets and transmission gaps (GP) to allow the UE to make other measurements. 
The acknowledgement fields are mapped to the data packets to enable the base station to determine which data packets are being acknowledged. 
In order to avoid ambiguity in mapping acknowledgement fields to data packets when a transmission gap occurs, a single data packet is transmitted in either the frame whose acknowledgement field would occur in the transmission gap or the frame whose acknowledgement field would occur immediately following the transmission gap. 
Thus the base station will know that the acknowledgement field immediately following the transmission gap maps onto the data packet transmitted in the selected one of the two frames. 
In one embodiment a data packet is not transmitted in the frame whose acknowledgement field would occur immediately following the transmission gap. 
In a refinement of the method, the selection of the particular frame is related to the one which can support a high rate data packet 
Conductive carpeting is formed of a conductive loaded resin-based material. 
The conductive loaded resin-based material comprises micron conductive powder(s), conductive fiber(s), or a combination of conductive powder and conductive fibers in a base resin host. 
The percentage by weight of the conductive powder(s), conductive fiber(s), or a combination thereof is between about 20% and 50% of the weight of the conductive loaded resin-based material. 
The micron conductive powders are formed from non-metals, such as carbon, graphite, that may also be metallic plated, or the like, or from metals such as stainless steel, nickel, copper, silver, that may also be metallic plated, or the like, or from a combination of non-metal, plated, or in combination with, metal powders. 
The micron conductor fibers preferably are of nickel plated carbon fiber, stainless steel fiber, copper fiber, silver fiber, aluminum fiber, or the like 
A photo-sensing device package is provided. 
The package includes a substrate, at least one photo-sensing semiconductor die coupled to the substrate, and a patterned layer formed on light receiving surface of the substrate. 
The substrate is formed of a material substantially transparent to light within a predetermined range of wavelengths. 
The semiconductor die defines at least one photo-sensing area opposing the substrate front surface for receiving light impinging upon the substrate's backside surface. 
The patterned layer is formed on the substrate's backside surface for blocking passage of at least a portion of the light impinging upon that backside surface, and is formed with a window opening aligned with at least a portion of the photo-sensing area for optical communication therewith through the substrate 
The Management of color presented at end point devices such as a display or printer is based on the implementation of a Color Management Resource (CR). 
A CMR is an architected resource stored accessibly to a print server or other processor that is used to carry all of the color management information required to render a print file, document, page, or data object 
A business planning and project facilitation method, program, and system for a new or existing venture are provided. 
Default values based on data retrieved from a knowledge database according to user-provided venture estimate information are provided to the user. 
The user can enter additional information (Sl) based cm the user's estimate of a value for the venture to supplement and/or override at least one default value of the plurality of provided default values provided by the system (S7). 
Based on the default value information and the user estimate information, a business plan customized for the venture is reported to the user (S12). 
The database has information specific to a local business environment and detailed information about the industry of the target venture, including for example, ambulatory surgery centers and facilities, such as endoscopy 
A jointed mirror arm comprises at least two tubular pieces, connected to each other by a joint with a reflecting mirror, which, as a result of said joint, may be arranged in varying configurations and which form a beam path for the radiation, with a fixed inlet on a first tube piece for the introduction of radiation from a stationary optical source and a position different from the position of the inlet for the outlet from the intermediate joint arm on a final tube piece for emitting said radiation. 
Said jointed mirror arm is characterised in that a scanner for the radiation is arranged before the inlet into the intermediate jointed arm and an optical imaging system is provided in the at least two tube pieces of the intermediate jointed arm, for imaging the scanner after the output from the intermediate jointed arm 
Present invention demonstrates that the members of the FKBP family or FK506 Binding Proteins (FKBPs), more specifically FKBP12 or FKBP52 enhance the aggregation of a-SYN. 
Moreover, it was found that the effect of FKBP on a-SYN aggregation has its origin in the PPIase activity of the enzyme. 
Immunophilin ligands, specific inhibitors of the activity of FKBPs, inhibit stimulation of the aggregation of a a-SYN by FKBPs 
Disclosed are CD40 splice variant polypeptides and methods of using the CD40 splice variant polypeptides, including in treatment for transplantation 
The present disclosure includes a bicycle wheel (10) having a hub (12), a plurality of spokes (14), and a rim (16). 
The spokes are connected to the hub, each spoke having two ends and a major axis. 
The ends of each spoke are substantially aligned with the major axis of such spoke. 
The rim provides a plurality of fixed spoke mounts (24) secured to the spokes. 
The spoke mounts provide stress grading, in one preferred embodiment by decreasing in section as they extend away from the main body of the rim toward the hub. 
The spoke mounts are formed integrally with the rim and avoid the use of holes through the wall of the rim that seats the tube. 
Spoke adjustment mechanisms for straight spokes attached to such spoke mounts are also provided. 
The disclosure also includes a method of constructing a wheel 
A machine, or a machining center, with numeric control (N/C), used for machining marble, granite, or any other ornamental stone, comprising a support structure and an assembly of controlled axes (X, Y, Z) for controlling the movements of one or more cutting tools which are mounted on one or more machining heads (9), said support structure supporting an inclined plane (5) which sustains a workpiece of marble, granite, or the like 
The present invention relates to a method of treating cancer in a patient comprising administering an effective amount of a Survivin antisense oligonucleotide in combination with an effective amount of an additional anti-cancer agent 
Process for production of contraceptive formulations comprising the addition of folic acid (200 mg), vitamin E (200mg), vitamin B6 (100mg) and vitamin B12 (200 mg) to conventional contraceptive formulations. 
Such formulations stimulate the production of DNA and RNA 
The invention relates to the use of an inhibitor of the biosynthesis and/or function of LTB4 for the manufacture of a medicament for the treatment of B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia (B-CLL), B-prolymphocytic leukemia (B-PLL) or B-cell lymphoma. Preferably, the inhibitor of the biosynthesis and/or function of LTB4 is the inhibitor of 5-LO BWA4C or the inhibitor of FLAP MK-886 
The invention relates to a hollow plate comprising a base plate (12) and a top plate (11) which are arranged in spaced-apart, preferably parallel plate planes, thereby defining large-size outer surfaces (16) of the hollow plate, and means for interlinking the base plate and the top plate. 
The invention is characterized in that the base plate (12) and the top plate (11) are interlinked by means of individual spacers (13). 
Preferably, said spacers (13) are arranged in a regular grid, more preferably, they are distributed substantially across the entire hollow plate (10). 
In a preferred embodiment, the spacers (13) are arranged in preferably continuous rows (19) and columns (20) extending in parallel or perpendicular to the edges (21, 22) of the hollow plate (10). 
The invention also relates to a corresponding method for producing a hollow plate of the aforementioned kind 
A method and apparatus are provided for transporting, operating, and storing power tools and their accessories, through the use of a portable work center apparatus including a closable case having a work surface fixedly attached thereto, and storage compartments therein. 
The work surface is enclosed within the case when the case is in a closed position, exposed when the case is in an open position, and adapted for supporting a work piece thereupon. 
The work surface is adapted for having a tool removably attached thereto. 
The work surface includes a vise and the apparatus includes hold down devices for securing a work piece on the work surface 
A carrying clip for detachably connecting an accessory to a tool belt in the form of an elongate flexible strap defining an upper edge includes a gripping portion configured to be gripped by the fingers of a user and positioned in proximity, and positioned in proximity to the straps upper edge. 
The gripping portion is associated with and supports an accessory to be detachably connected to the strap. 
An attachment member, which may be in the form of a spring-clip or a snap-lock clip arrangement, is used for detachably connecting the gripping portion to the strap and for removing the gripping portion and associated accessory by engagement of the gripping portion with the finger of the user and lifting the gripping portion in a general upward direction relative to the strap 
Methods, compositions, and kits related to the use of multi-ligand affinity chromatography are described. 
The methods include those related to identification of glycoprotein panels for analyzing and diagnosisng disease 
Methods for preparing cheese are provided that involve combining a slurry with a cheese precursor to form an admixture that is subsequently processed to form the cheese product. 
The slurry typically includes a liquid such as water, milk and/or cream and one or more ingredients that are useful for inclusion in the final cheese product. 
Systems for preparing such slurries and cheese products are also provided 
A method, program product and system of preventing or limiting the number of simultaneous sessions in a wireless local area network (WLAN). 
The method includes: determining whether subscriber terminal information has been changed between an old session and a new session, maintaining a connection with the old session if the subscriber terminal information has not changed, and establishing and authenticating the new session and disconnecting the old session if the subscriber terminal information has changed. 
A medium access control (MAC) address and a WLAN radio network identification can be compared between the old session and the new session to determine whether subscriber terminal information has been changed 
A wire stripper has a blade handle, a gripper handle, a blade JAW and a gripper jaw all pivotally connected at a main pivot pin that is offset from the mating faces of the jaws. 
Movable and floating cutting blades mounted on the blade jaw are self-aligning due to a floating connection of the blades that allows them to move respective gauge surfaces into engagement during closing. 
A blade hold down spring urges the blades into alignment. 
The jaws are angled with respect to the handle axis so the throat of the cutting blades aligns with a user's line of sight. 
Individual handle springs have differential springs rates and are arranged so that the handles springs do no resist opening of the jaws 
Structures employing siloxane epoxy polymers as diffusion barriers adjacent conductive metal layers are disclosed. 
The siloxane epoxy polymers exhibit excellent adhesion to conductive metals, such as copper, and provide an increase in the electromigration lifetime of metal lines. 
In addition, the siloxane epoxy polymers have dielectric constants less than 3, and thus, provide improved performance over conventional diffusion barriers 
A fixture for use in a retail store is provided including a loop formed from a conductive material and adapted to support hanging articles, the loop having a first and second end, the first and second ends each connected to an insulator member, the first end being electrically insulated from the second end by the insulator member, and an RFID reader connected to each of the first end and the second end of the loop. 
A circuit is formed by the loop and the RFID reader, wherein the loop provides an antenna function for the RFID reader. 
A method of retrofitting a fixture for use in a retail store is also provided 
The invention provides a method for detecting the production by cells in a sample of one or more analyte, which method comprises: (a) providing (i) a first binding protein which specifically binds to a first analyte; and (ii) optionally a second binding protein which specifically binds to second analyte; wherein said first binding protein and optionally said second binding protein are each immobilized at one or more discrete location within a well; (b) introducing a sample of cells into said well; (c) culturing said sample of cells under conditions suitable for: (i) release of said analyte and optionally said second analyte and optionally said one or more further analyte by said cells; and (ii) binding of said first analyte to said first binding protein and optionally binding of said second analyte to said second binding protein; and (d) determining whether or not said first analyte is bound to said first binding protein and whether or not said second analyte is bound to said second binding protein, thereby detecting production by a sample of cells of one or more analyte 
A pump having top and bottom pieces coupled together by a coupling device features a circumferential clamp that is a lightweight plastic clamp having clamping members, each with one or more strengthening members oriented along a longitudinal axis defined in relation to the top and bottom pieces. 
The clamping members may include two semi-circular clamping members, each with circumferentially spaced strengthening rib members oriented along the longitudinal axis of the pump housing 
Method and system are disclosed for determining hydrocarbon CDVs in a multiphase environment. 
The method and system involve calculating a total hydrocarbons volume from an apparent oil volume and an apparent gas volume. 
The apparent oil volume is determined using C/O data from a nuclear logging tool operating in inelastic neutron scattering mode. 
The apparent gas volume is determined using neutron porosity data from a nuclear logging tool operating in pulsed neutron capture ("PNC") mode. 
It is also possible to determine the total hydrocarbons volume using log data from formation thermal neutron capture cross­ section measurements, or a cased hole formation resistivity tool. 
The total hydrocarbons volume is then used to back-calculate the total hydrocarbons CDV at various formation depths using the logged C/O data. 
The resulting independently calculated total hydrocarbon CDV may be used for proper matching of log data and simulation results for history matching purposes 
In one embodiment, an excavation method is provided that includes the steps of: (a) contacting a rotating powered cutting head (440) of an excavator (400) with an excavation face (452), wherein, at any one time, a first set of the cutting elements is in contact with the excavation face and a second set of the cutting elements is not in contact with the excavation face, the cutting head excavating the excavation face in at least a first direction; and (b) during the contacting step, using an elongated support member (404) extending from the excavator (400) to a powered device (118) to apply a force to the excavator (400) in at least the first direction to provide at least a portion of the cutting force. 
The powered device (118) is located at a distance from the excavator (400 
A process for coating a non-uniform, thin-film, dichroic pattern to a wheel rim or motorcycle part. 
The thin-film coating adds a colored or iridescent pattern to the wheel rim or motorcycle part, while maintaining other characteristics, such as brilliance, shine, durability and general appearance. 
The coating is intentionally non-uniform. 
It may be varied, and may have different patterns and color among different articles, and even among different areas on the same article. 
The thin-film coating may be added by various techniques known in the art, but is preferably applied by sputtering a silicon or titanium target to obtain the thin-film on a chromed wheel rim 
The invention provides improved nucleic acid ligands that inhibit coagulation and improved modulators of the nucleic acids to provide ideal modulators of coagulation. 
These improved nucleic acids acids and modulators are particularly useful for inhibiting coagulation in a host undergoing a therapeutic regime such as surgery or coronary artery bypass 
A glass pane (10) with conductive prints, comprising a functional wiring (30) formed of the conductive print, a first bus bar (20a) electrically connected to one end of the functional wiring and formed of the conductive print, a second bus bar (20b) electrically connected to the other end of the functional wiring and formed of the conductive print, and a dark ceramic print (12) formed along the peripheral edge of the glass pane (10). 
The bus bars (20a, 20b) further comprises hollow parts (23a, 24a) formed on the dark ceramic print and exposing the dark ceramic print to be visible. 
By suppressing the occurrence of nonuniform temperature distribution due to a difference in heat absorptivity between the dark ceramic print and the bus bars, the glass pane with the conductive prints can be provided at low cost by a simpler method 
Methods for producing an optical fiber and a preform in which a composite matrix formed by inserting a core rod into a quartz glass tube for clad is placed in the vertical direction and the lower end part thereof is thermally fused and dripped to integrate the core rod and the quartz glass tube and to start drawing, characterized in that the quartz glass tube and the core rod are secured while aligning the lower end part with the quartz glass tube and in that the outer circumference and inner circumference of the lower end part of the quartz glass tube are circular, the outside diameter is tapered, as a whole, toward its tip, the amount of misalignment of the center of the circle of the average outside diameter of the circular cross sections of the tapered portion with the straight body section of the quartz glass tube is not larger than 1% of the outside diameter of the straight body section, and the difference between the maximum thickness and minimum thickness of each circular cross section is not larger than 1.5% of the average thickness, and such a quartz glass tube is used 
A stream-flow type electrolysis solution producing device (100) comprising an electrolytic bath (10) provided, stacked in three stages, with a hollow, polygonal-prism inner-side electrode (70), a diaphragm (88)-carrying diaphragm support (80) and an outer-side electrode (90). 
The first side surface (80a) of the diaphragm support facing a water supply port (2a) provided in the first side surface of the outer-side electrode is water-impermeable and performs a flow straightening action when a water stream is fed from the water supply port (2a) to between the outer-side electrode (90) and the diaphragm (88). 
A high electrolytic efficiency, and a uniform and stabilized electrode current at each side surface at the time of electrolyzing permit the production of strong electrolysis solution in large volume. 
A large volume of strong electrolysis solution having a desired pH can be produced, and an electrolysis solution producing device with a simple construction is offered 
The invention relates to a process for the continuous regeneration of ion-exchange resin loaded with dissolved organic carbon ("DOC"), the process comprising providing a plurality of sequentially connected cells including a first cell and a last cell and optionally one or more intermediate cells; providing resin loaded with DOC; providing a regenerant comprising an aqueous chloride salt solution; and contacting said resin with the regenerant by moving said resin in a continuous flow sequentially from the first cell, through any optionally present intermediate cell(s) to the last cell whilst simultaneously providing a flow of said regenerant sequentially from the last cell, through any optionally present intermediate cell(s), to the first cell 
The present invention relates to a water sterilizing purified apparatus using a photocatalyst according to the present invention, wherein the apparatus comprises an inlet frame 110 having an inlet pipe 111 into which a polluted and waste water is flowed; an outlet frame 120 having an outlet pipe 121 from which a purified water is discharged; a main tube 130 installed between the inlet frame 110 and the outlet frame 120; a photocatalyst coating plate unit 140 having a plurality of coating plates which are installed into the main tube 130 and have a photocatalyst coated thereon and being arranged to form a flowing path of the polluted and waste water; and a ul¬ traviolet ray generating means 150 for irradiating a ultraviolet ray into the a photocatalyst coating plate unit 140 
The invention relates to nanostructured materials comprising titanium oxide (TiO2-x, wherein 0 = x = 1), having a hitherto-unknown orthorhombic crystalline structure which is the basic unit in the construction of nanofibres, nanowires, nanorods, nanocoils and/or nanotubes. 
The materials are produced from an isostructural precursor comprising hydrogen titanate and/or mixed sodium and hydrogen titanate, corresponding to the hydrogenated, protonated, hydrated and/or alkaline phases of the aforementioned structure, and are obtained from titanium compounds, such as: titanium oxide having a crystalline anatase structure, amorphous titanium oxide, titanium oxide having a crystalline rutile structure, and/or directly from rutile mineral and/or ilmenite. 
The invention also relates to the method of obtaining the inventive materials. < 
A chiral inorganic mesoporous substance characterized by having a chiral twisted structure and being mesoporous; a process for producing the substance; and a method of using the substance. 
The process for inorganic mesoporous substance production is a method in which one or more polymerizable inorganic monomers selected from the group consisting of polymerizable inorganic monomers and polymerizable inorganic monomers having a functional group capable of having a charge are polymerized in the presence of a solvent using as a template a self-assembly of a chiral surfactant such as an N-(higher alkanoyl)amino acid salt. 
Examples of the use of the inorganic mesoporous substance include the separation of racemates and reaction fields for asymmetric syntheses 
A process for producing a porous object from a wet object containing a first liquid solvent by replacing the first solvent with a second solvent in a highly pressurized state and drying the wet object, the process including a mixed-solvent feeding step in which a mixed solvent comprising a solvent which is identical with or of the same kind as the first solvent and the second solvent is fed to the wet object 
Disclosed is a method for producing carbonyl difluoride which is characterized in that trifluoromethane is reacted with oxygen or an oxygen-containing gas under heated conditions 
The invention relates to a method for the production of valve metal powders, particularly niobium and tantalum powder, by reduction of corresponding valve metal oxide powders by means of vaporous reducing metals and/or the hydrides thereof, preferably in the presence of an inert carrier gas, wherein the reduction is carried out at a reducing metal/metal hydride vapor partial pressure of the of 5-110 hPa and at a total pressure of less than 1000 hPa, and to a tantalum powder thus produced, with high-stability powder agglomerate particles 
Disclosed is a method for deforming a relatively hard steel sheet (P) that is cut to size in an extrusion press (2, 4) so as to obtain a workpiece (W) which is provided with an essentially U-shaped cross section and an embossing in the bottom area (WG) thereof, and for hardening by annealing and then quenching the workpiece (W) in a mold. 
According to the inventive method, the cut steel sheet (P) is introduced into the open extrusion press (2, 4) in a red-hot state and is then retained therein in a supporting manner such that the edge thereof is spaced apart from the lateral faces and the front face of a deep-drawing zone (5) of the matrix (4) so as to be exposed to a deep-drawing force (K). 
The cut steel sheet (P) that is slightly cooled on the edge thus first bends in the direction of the matrix (4) because the same is dented by the deep-drawing force (K) applied in the direction of the matrix (4), whereupon the cut steel sheet (P) is pressed into the matrix (4) and the created steel sheet curvature (B) is compressed and embossed. 
The workpiece (W) is finally cooled in the extrusion press (2, 4) 
Process for the reduction of a hexavalent chromium oxide based catalyst comprising contacting, under mixing conditions, a hexavalent chromium oxide based catalyst, with a molar excess, in respect of the chromium species, of a solid reducing agent and subjecting the mixture to a temperature in the range 30-1000C°. The process in simple, involves low costs and allows to obtain a permanently reduced chromium catalyst that can be disposed without toxicity risks 
Conjugated meningococcal capsular saccharides will be introduced into immunisation schedules in the near future, but the phenomenon of "carrier suppression" must first be addressed, particularly where multiple conjugates are to be used. 
It has been found that diphtheria toxoid and its derivatives (such as CRM 197) can safely be used as the carrier protein, even where multiple meningococcal conjugates are administered at the same time and where a patient has previously been exposed to the carrier protein, either in the form of a previous immunogen (e.g. in a DTP vaccine) or as a previous carrier protein (e.g. in a Hib or pneumococcal conjugate vaccine). 
The invention provides a method for immunising a patient, comprising administering multiple conjugates of meningococcal capsular saccharides, wherein each conjugate comprises a diphtheria toxoid (or derivative thereof) carrier protein, and the capsular saccharide, and wherein the patient has been pre-immunised with a diphtheria toxoid (or derivative thereof) 
A novel composition for use in treating a wound, burn or other skin condition comprises one or more compounds of formula (I), wherein: m = 0-6, n = 6-100, Q, R and R' may be independently selected from, C1-5 alkyl, OU, UOCH2CH3, CH2CH3, UOCH3, OH, O(CH2)y(OU)yCH3, (OCH2CH2)yOU, (OCH2CH2)yOH, UOH, UOU', UCO2U', CO2U, UCO2COU', CO2H, UCO2H, COX, UCOX, UCO2 R', CO2COU, Aryl, ArylU, ArylUU', ArylUU'U'', NH2, UNH2, NHU, NUU', NO2, UNO2, UCONH2, CONH2, UCONHU', CONHU, UCONU'U'', CONU'U'', halogen, PO4H3, PO4H3-z, PO4H3-zU (z = 0, 1, 2 or 3), PU3, P U'U''U''' SH, SO2 and SO3H; wherein U, U', U'' and U''' may be independently selected from any alkyl, alkenyl or alkynyl group where the number of carbon atoms is between 1 and 31; wherein X = halogen; wherein y = 1-100; provided that Q, R and R' can not all be C1 alkyl; and wherein the compound of formula (I) is present in an amount of at least 1% of the composition 
A method for screening mobile application part (MAP) messages in a transit network is provided. 
Signaling messages are received from a first network. 
SCCP called party address information is extracted from each signaling message. 
If the called party address matches first SCCP screening criteria, it is determined whether the signaling message is a targeted MAP message type. 
If the signaling message is a targeted MAP message type, a screening action is performed. 
Different MAP screening criteria may be applied for different destination networks 
A system and method for analog-to-digital conversion (118) using digital pulse width modulation (PWM) is disclosed. 
The method and system according to the disclosed invention converts an analog input signal (104) to a digital signal in pulse code modulated (PCM) form (106). 
The disclosed invention uses a feedback circuit (114) to perform PWM of the analog input signal. 
The PWM signal is then decimated to obtain the digital signal in PCM form. 
The system according to the disclosed invention requires lower operating frequency and dissipates lesser power than prior art systems providing the same sampling frequency and resolution. 
The operation at a lower frequency is achieved by obtaining two samples from every pulse of the PWM signal; the first sample being obtained from the right duty ratio. 
Further the disclosed invention has lesser implementation complexity and higher signal-to-noise ratio than prior art 
The present invention is directed to a magneto-electric field effect transistor comprising a channel region, a source connected to one side of the channel region and adapted to inject electrons into the channel region, a drain connected to the opposite side of the channel region and adapted to detect spin polarized electrons; and a gate comprising at least one magnetic double pair element comprising four magnetic elements each magnetic element being adapted to induce a magnetic field into the channel region, wherein the total induced magnetic field of the magnetic double pair element is controllable to be substantially zero, and wherein the gate is further adapted to induce an electrical field into the channel region 
[PROBLEMS] To prevent both a slip resulting from damage by projections and a slip resulting from adhesion generated due to excessive smoothening. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] This heat treating device comprises a treatment chamber for heat-treating a wafer and a boat for supporting the wafer in the treatment chamber. 
The boat further comprises a wafer holder in contact with the wafer and a body part supporting the wafer holder. 
The diameter of the wafer holder is 63 to 73% of the diameter of the wafer, and the surface roughness Ra of the portion of the wafer holder in contact with the wafer is set to 1 to 1000 mum. 
The wafer can be supported so that the displacement amount of the wafer can be minimized, and in that state, both the slip resulting from damage by the projections on the surface of the wafer holder and the slip resulting from the adhesion generated when the surface of the wafer holder is excessively smoothened can be prevented 
Disclosed herein are a bar code encoding system and a bar code decoding system. 
The bar code encoding system includes a method for compressing the original data and adding data for error detection and correction to the compressed data to generate a large capacity 2-dimensional color bar code so as to be used as prints in an off-line environment and a large capacity 2-dimensional bar code pattern. 
The decoding system includes a method for receiving the prints including the 2-dimensional bar code generated by the encoding system through an input device such as a scanner and a camera, searching the 2-dimensional bar code to recognize it, performing color correction and error detection and correction, decompressing the compressed data to decode the original data 
An IC tag mounting method, an article with an IC tag, and the IC tag. 
The method for mounting the IC tag performing radio communication by properly disposed electronic parts on the article formed of an elastically deformable material comprises a step for mounting the IC tag by joining to the article at a specified position other than disposed parts for the electronic parts. 
The IC tag is not damaged even if mounted on the article formed of the elastically deformable material such as a tire under severe use environment 
A system and method are disclosed which may include subjecting an original, pixel domain image to an Integer Wavelet Transform (IWT) to obtain a matrix of IWT coefficients; selecting a plurality of the IWT coefficients for incorporation of information therein; and setting signs for the plurality of selected IWT coefficients according to bit values of a plurality of respective data bits. 
The system and method can also include subjecting a marked pixel domain image to an Integer Wavelet Transform to obtain a matrix of wavelet coefficients; selecting a plurality of the coefficients from the matrix that contain embedded information; and for each selected coefficient, extracting the data bit embedded in the coefficient, a bit value of the extracted data bit determined based on a sign of the coefficient 
It is judged whether a marking portion formed on a material becomes a bright mark or a dark mark. 
According to this judgment, for the work W of a material in which the marking portion becomes a bright mark, the code symbol of the 2-dimensional code of the original image is bright/dark-reversed to generate a reversed code symbol 1R. 
Thus, a laser marker (10) is controlled so as to apply a laser beam to the cell of the background portion without applying the laser beam to the cell of the code portion. 
On the other hand, in the case of the normal material in which the marking portion becomes a dark mark, the laser marker (10) is controlled to apply the laser beam to the cell of the code portion without applying the laser beam to the cell of the background portion 
A method of, on the basis of three-dimensional structural information of biopolymer, establishing the configuration of a ligand molecule binding to the biopolymer; and an apparatus therefor. 
There is provided a method of establishing the configuration of a ligand molecule binding to biopolymer, comprising disposing a virtual atom in a ligand binding region of biopolymer; computing the van der Waals potential between the biopolymer and the virtual atom; and from the van der Waals potential, removing any unstable portion of the van der Waals potential in which the virtual atom is positioned. 
Further, there is provided an apparatus for the method 
A method and apparatus for a densitometer comprising a multicolor LED having a light adjustment mechanism for controlling the amount of light received by a light detector in the densitometer. 
The MCLED is comprised of a plurality of different color LEDs and a controller selects the current to each LED by wavelength to maximize the absorption by the colorant yielding light roughly complimentary to the colorant 
The invention relates to a method for production of a plug connection for a plug piece (1) with a connector (5), as a liquid and/or gas-tight connection, preferably in automobile assembly, whereby the plug piece (1) and the connector (5) are sealed relative to each other by means of a sealing ring (11) arranged in an L-shaped sealing ring groove (14), in particular, a moulded sealing ring. 
In a first method step the sealing ring (11) together with a securing ring (12) are introduced as a sealing unit (24) in the axial direction into the L-shaped sealing ring groove (14), open in the axial direction and in a second method step, beads (13) are formed in the region of the radial defining wall of the L-shaped sealing ring groove (14), by means of a chasing tool (26), moving in the axial direction, with an mutual separation in the circumferential direction and which at least partly displace the L-shaped sealing ring groove (14) in the region of the axial opening thereof and thus fix the securing ring (12) on the one axial side thereof. 
A fixing of a formed sealing ring (11) in an L-shaped sealing ring groove (14) is improved, whereby the formed sealing ring (11) can be fixed in the position for assembly thereof with a particularly simple action using an easily assembled securing ring (12) 
A method for preparing a powder being improved in the rate of dissolution, characterized in that it comprises converting a slightly soluble drug having an acidic group (for example, 3-(5-{2-[5-methyl-2-(4-methylphenyl)-1,3-oxazole-4-yl]ethoxy}3,4-dihydronaphthalene-1-yl)propanoic acid and the like) to a solution of a metal salt thereof, and then neutralizing the solution to thereby precipitate the drug. 
The above method allows the preparation of a powder being increased in its specific surface area and improved in the rate of dissolution, and thus is markedly useful as a method for the production of a raw powder of a drug 
A therapeutic agent for nonviral hepatitis which contains as an active ingredient a piperazine compound represented by the following general formula (I) or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt of the compound 
Compounds represented by the general formula (I) and having cysteine protease inhibiting activity, salts, solvates, or N-oxides thereof, or prodrugs of them; and preventive and/or therapeutic agents for diseases in which cysteine protease participates, e.g., osteoporosis, containing the compounds, salts, solvates, N-oxides, or prodrugs as the active ingredient: wherein X is a heterocycle which may further contain one to four arbitrary heteroatoms selected from among nitrogen, oxygen and optionally oxidized sulfur in addition to the nitrogen atom; J is a free valency or a spacer having 1 to 8 atoms; R, R<1>, R<2> and R<3> are each independently hydrogen or a substituent; and n is an integer of 0 to 10 
The method for fabricating an optical fiber comprises the steps of inserting a primary optical fiber preform (11) having a first primary axis (x1) and an outer surface (111) into an overcladding tube (12) having a second primary axis (x2) and an inner surface (120), so that said outer surface and inner surface define an interior space (15) ; holding the primary preform (11) in a centrally inserted position within the overcladding tube (12) with said first and second primary axes (x1, x2) in substantial alignment with each other; supplying overcladding grain (13) into the interior space (15) that is limited at the lower end of the overcladding tube (12) by means of a closure (125); generating a condition of reduced pressure within the interior space (15) that is limited at the upper end of the overcladding tube (12) by means of an adjoiner (3), which holds the primary optical fiber preform (11) and the overcladding tube (12) in position; and heating the unprocessed secondary preform (1), that consists of the primary preform (11), the overcladding tube (12) and the overcladding grain (13), at its lower end to a softened state and simultaneously or subsequently drawing an optical fiber therefrom. 
The invention relates to a slide device for a retractable current pick-up on electrically-driven vehicles. The aim of the invention is to provide a slide device for retractable pick-ups on electrically-driven vehicles, comprising a support fixed to a pantograph, to which a slide device is fixed over the length of the support, protected against mechanical damage to the slide body and also against arcing to the mount or which bridges the support. 
Said aim is achieved by means of a slide device for retractable pick-ups on electrically-driven vehicles, comprising a support connected to a pantograph, to which a slide body is connected over the length of the support, characterised in that the support and the slide body have a cladding open for at least the region of a slide surface 
A stack of large sheets includes first and second groups of folded sheets. 
Each of the sheets of each group is folded substantially in half along a first fold to form first and second plies, and the first and second plies are folded along a second fold to provide a first panel which extends from one edge of the sheet to the second fold, a second panel which extends from the other edge of the sheet to the second fold, a third panel which is a continuation of the second panel and which extends from the second fold to the first fold, and a fourth panel which is a continuation of the first panel and which extends from the second fold to the first fold. 
The third and fourth panels are joined at the first fold. 
The sheets of the stack can be either interfolded or non-interfolded. 
If the sheets are interfolded, the first panel of each sheet of each group is interfolded between the second and third panels of a sheet of the other group 
An electroluminescent device comprises a cathode, an anode, and therebetween a layer containing a host material and an ethynyl compound of Formula (1): A_C=C_B in an amount sufficient to stabilize the device wherein A and B represent independently selected fused carbocyclic ring groups. 
The invention relates to a transponder comprising a transponder tuned circuit (2), an energy store (SK) or energy supply and a starter device (3). 
The transponder tuned circuit (2) has a tuned circuit capacitor (14) and a tuned circuit coil (15), comprising an inductive coupling to a base station (20) for inductive energy and /or data transmission. 
On transmission the energy store (13) provides a discharge current Ice. 
The starter device (3) is arranged between the transponder tuned circuit (2) and the energy store (13) such as to generate an adjustable reference voltage Uref, which, on transmission, controls the transmission voltage Us-TSK such that an envelope curve H for the transmission voltage Us-TSK is constant over a transmission duration ts, giving a constant discharge current Ice from the energy store (13) to supply the transponder tuned circuit (2) and a discharge voltage Uce dependent on the reference voltage Uref for the energy store (SK) falls linearly to the reference voltage Uref at a transmission end tE. 
The invention is particularly suitable for the inductive transmission and reception of energy signals and/or data signals 
An integrated configuration viewing system for use in a process plant includes a computer readable memory and a plurality of template configuration objects stored on the computer readable memory. 
Each of the plurality of template configuration objects includes a graphical representation of a physical entity within the process plant, a parameter storage adapted to communicate with the process plant to obtain and store device parameter information associated with the physical entity within the process plant, and a configuration storage adapted to store configuration parameters associated with the physical entity within the process plant. 
A first routine is stored on the computer readable memory and adapted to be executed on the processor to present a library section on a user interface. 
The library section is adapted to present depictions of the plurality of template configuration objects to a user via the user interface. 
A second routine is stored on the computer readable memory and adapted to be executed on the processor to present a configuration area on the user interface: And, a third routine is stored on the computer readable memory and adapted to be executed on the processor to enable a user to select one of the plurality of template configuration objects from the library section and to place the selected template configuration object within the configuration area to create a process configuration module within the configuration area 
The invention provides a human LXRB which is associated with the cardiovascular diseases, infections, cancer, endocrinological diseases, metabolic diseases, hematological diseases, inflammation, respiratory diseases, neurological diseases, urological diseases. 
The invention also provides assays for the identification of compounds useful in the treatment or prevention of cardiovascular diseases, infections, cancer, endocrinological diseases, metabolic diseases, hematological diseases, inflammation, respiratory diseases, neurological diseases, urological diseases. 
The invention also features compounds which bind to and/or activate or inhibit the activity of LXRB as well as pharmaceutical compositions comprising such compounds 
The invention relates to a device comprising a flat macroporous substrate material which is based on silicon and is provided with a plurality of pores having a diameter of between 500 nm and 100 ñm distributed over at least one surface area, said pores extending from one surface (10A) of the carrier material to the opposite surface (10B) in an interconnected manner. 
The inventive device comprises at least two regions (11A) respectively containing a plurality of pores having pore walls consisting of Si02, said regions being respectively surrounded by a frame or box (12) that consists of walls having a silicon core (12A), is open towards the surfaces (10A, 10B), and is arranged essentially parallel to the longitudinal axes of the pores. 
The silicon of the core gradually turns into silicon dioxide over the cross-section towards the outer side of the walls forming the frame, and each individual frame (12) of all of the frames consisting of walls having a silicon core (12A) is spatially isolated by the frames completely surrounding the same. 
The invention also relates to a method for producing said device. 
The inventive device can be used as a basis for a "biochip basic module" in methods for detecting biochemical (binding) reactions, and especially for analysing enzymatic reactions, nucleic acid hybridisations, protein-protein interactions and other binding reactions therefor in the fields of genome, proteome or active ingredient research in biology and medicine 
The invention relates to a method for operating a spark-ignition internal combustion engine (10) with direct fuel injection with high residual gas rates or very lean charge mixture. 
Initially, a first amount of fuel is pre-injected (MH) into the combustion chamber (18) in an induction stroke of the internal combustion engine (10), enabling a homogeneous, lean fuel-air mixture (lambda > 1) to be formed essentially inside the entire combustion chamber (18), and then a second amount of fuel is injected into the combustion chamber (18) in the form of a main injection (MS) in a working stroke of the internal combustion engine directly before the moment of ignition (ZT) enabling a layered fat fuel-air mixture (lambda < 1) to be formed in the region of the spark plug (26). 
This enables combustion to be stabilized with high residual gas rates in the combustion chamber (18) by external reconduction of exhaust gas or by internal retention of exhaust gas or with a very lean charge mixture in order to optimize feul savings obtained by said modes 
A sunscreen fabric for use in window coverings and the like is described. 
The fabric has a knit substrate which is coated with a substantially transparent coating which provides the fabric with good stability to enable it to be used as window shades such as roller shades and the like. 
The fabric also has good resistance to mark-off as well as cup/curl 
The present invention provides catalyst component for ethylene polymerization, preparation process thereof, catalyst containing the same, and ethylene polymerization method using said catalyst. 
Said catalyst component contain magnesium complex supported on inorganic oxide support, reaction product of at least one titanium compounds, at least one organic alcohol compounds and at least one organoaluminum, said magnesium complex is obtained by dissolving magnesium halide in system having organic epoxy compounds and organic phosphorus compounds. 
Inventive catalyst is especially suitable for slurry polymerization process of ethylene, polymer obtained has uniform particle diameter, narrow particle diameter distribution, and catalyst has high catalytic activity and good hydrogen response 
A variety of zinc finger proteins (ZFPs) and methods utilizing such proteins are provided for use in treating neuropathic pain. 
ZFPs that bind to a target site in genes that are aberrantly expressed in subjects having neuropathic pain are described. 
In addition, ZFPs that bind to a target site in genes expressed at normal levels in subjects experiencing neuropathic pain, modulation of whose expression results in decreased pain perception, are also provided. 
For example, genes that are over-expressed in the dorsal root ganglia (DRG) of pain patients (e.g.,VR1, TRKA and/or Nav1.8) can be repressed, whereas genes that are under-expressed in the same populations can be activated 
The inventive method for pre-processing industrial and consumption residues and biomass consisting in pressing and consequently packing and bundling collected and, if necessary, broken residues or biomass. 
In different variants, pressing is carried out by so called roll pressing for producing cylindrical-conical-shaped bales or, if necessary, by additionally pressing by two-side compacting said cylindrical-conical-shaped bales in the axial direction in such a way that the volume thereof is reduced approximately by two times, the bale diameter remains unchanged and said compacting is followed by packing and bundling, or by carrying out one of said variants of the method simultaneously with roll pressing associated with introducing active additives and/or textural and/or binding agents and/or a neutralisers into residues or a biomass. 
The inventive system (variants) for carrying said method for pre-processing industrial and consumption residues and biomass comprises, if necessary a unit for braking residues or a biomass, a unit for pressing said residues or biomass, a packing unit, a bundling unit and a transport unit. 
Said system is also provided with an originally designed pressing unit usable as the system component at a second pressing stage 
A method for producing carbon-silica products from silica-containing plant matter such as rice hulls or straw by leaching with sulfuric acid to remove non-silica minerals and metal while adjusting the mole ratio of fixed carbon to silica in the resultant product. 
The carbon and silica are intimately mixed on a micron or submicron scale and are characterized by high purity and reactivity, small particle size, high porosity, and contain volatile carbon that can be used as a source of energy for the production of silicon-containing products from the carbon-silica products. 
High purity silicon-containing products made from the carbon-silica products of the invention are also disclosed 
The present invention encompasses a liquid bioartificial tissue for restoring tissue and organ function to an injured or damaged organ in a human subject. 
The liquid bioartificial tissue is injected into a target organ and can significantly restore organ function within two weeks. 
The invention also encompasses a cell culture medium comprising ascorbic acid (or other free-radical scavengers and/or anti­oxidants) that is used for pre-treating transplantable cells prior to organ transplantation. 
Pre-treatment with ascorbic acid increases transplanted cell viability and colonization by nearly fifty-fold. 
The invention is particularly useful for treating ischemic heart damage following myocardial infarction 
A rod connector (10) for joining a first rod and a second rod includes bore holes that are offset and/or non-parallel to each other. 
The rod connector (10) provides an offset or non-parallel connection between the rods that allows for the rods to match the contour of a patient's body without requiring bending of the rods. 
The rod connector (10) may include a first bore hole (22) for receiving the first spinal rod and a second bore hole (32) for receiving the second spinal rod that is adjustable relative to the first bore hole (22) to adjust the position and/or orientation of the second spinal rod relative to the first spinal rod. 
The rod connector (10) may comprise a first housing component defining the first bore hole and a second housing component that is movable relative to the first housing component and defining the second bore hole 
The invention relates to a callous plane (1) having a blade head (2) and a handle (3). 
The callous plane (1) has an underside that, when using the plane, faces the body surface of a user and has an upper side opposite said underside. 
A holding device (4) with a lower holding part (7) and with an upper holding part (9) is provided in the blade head (2). A blade (5) can be held inside said holding device in such a manner that the blade's cutting edge (6), which serves to shave off callous skin, is situated on the underside of the callous plane (1). 
In order to provide a safe and easy to use callous plane (1) which can also be economically produced, the invention provides that the lower holding part (7) is joined to handle (3) and has an upwardly pointing seat (8) for accommodating the blade (5), and that the upper holding part (9) holds the blade (5) tightly inside the seat (8) with the aid of a fixing device 
A surgical clip applier (10) includes a handle assembly, a first clip assembly (21'), and a second clip assembly (21'). 
The first clip assembly is adapted to receive only a single clip (47) while the second clip assembly is adapted to receive multiple clips (12). 
The handle assembly (18) is sized and configured to receive alternatively the first clip assembly or the second clip assembly. 
A jaw assembly (21) includes a pair of jaws each with an elongate support arm, and a bridge (61) holding the jaws in an aligned relationship. 
A housing (50) has a fixed relationship with the bridge while permitting movement of the jaws between an open and a closed state. A coupling (34) is provided to attach the housing to the handle assembly. 
An associated method of operation includes the step of removing one of the single clip jaw assembly and the multiple clip-jaw assembly, disposing of the one jaw assembly while mounting the other jaw assembly on the handle 
The inventive template (1) having predetermined motives for decorative biscuits comprises a plate (3) which is made of a food-compatible plastic material or cardboard and provided with a number of openings (2) corresponding to the decorative biscuit motives. 
Said invention also relates to a method for producing said template (1) consisting in cutting out a number of openings (2) corresponding to decorative biscuit motives from the plate (3) which is made of a food-compatible plastic material or cardboard or in producing the plate (3) provided with a number of openings (2) corresponding to the decorative biscuit motives from a food-compatible plastic by an injection moulding method 
A shingled siding unit is adapted for mounting to a wall or roof of a building structure. 
The unit may be a panel assembly or a corner assembly and includes a substrate having outer and inner surfaces, at least one course of side-by-side shingles mounted to the outer surface of the substrate, and spacing strips extending across and secured to the inner surface of the substrate. 
The spacing strips define a ventilation channel which facilitates drainage or evaporation of moisture between the unit and the exterior surface of a building structure to which it is mounted. 
A method of using the shingled siding unit is also disclosed 
A system and method for automatically computing desirable palm grasp configurations of an object by a robotic hand is disclosed. 
A description of the object's surface is obtained. 
A grasp configuration of a robotic hand comprising a palm and one or more fingers is selected, which specifies a hand configuration and joint variables of the hand, and a plurality of contact points on the object's surface for the palm and fingers. 
The coefficient of friction at each of the contact points is determined, and a description of one or more external wrenches to which may apply to the object is acquired. 
The ability of the robotic hand to hold the object against the external wrenches in the selected configuration is then computed. 
In some embodiments, a plurality of grasp configurations may be compared to determine which are the most desirable. 
In other embodiments, the space of hand configurations, or the smaller space of palm contact configurations, may be searched to find the most desirable grasp configurations 
A rotary wing vehicle includes a body structure having an elongated tubular backbone or core, and a counter-rotating coaxial rotor system having rotors with each rotor having a separate motor to drive the rotors about a common rotor axis of rotation. 
The rotor system is used to move the rotary wing vehicle in directional flight 
A new architecture for networked data storage is proposed for providing efficient information processing, and transportation. 
Data is processed, encrypted, error checked, redundantly encoded, and stored in fixed size blocks called quanta. 
Each quantum is processed by an Effective Cross Layer protocol that collapses the protocol stack for security, iWARP and iSCSI functions, transport control, and even RAID storage. 
This streamlining produces a highly efficient protocol with fewer memory copies and places most of the computational burden and security safeguard on the client, while the target stores quanta from many clients with minimal processing 
An optical element scanning device includes a base plate and one or more linear actuators operably connected to the base plate. 
An armature may be pivotably connected to the one or more linear actuators, and an optical element may be operably connected to the armature 
Briefly, in accordance with one embodiment of the invention, an access point may include one or more software defined radios that may be arranged to implement one or more ratio transmission protocols or standards. 
New radio transmission protocol or standards may be downloaded into the access point so that the access point may communicate according to new radio transmission protocols or standards as they are developed 
A method for depositing a low dielectric constant film includes providing a gas mixture including a cyclic organosiloxane and N2O as an oxidizing gas to a chamber and applying RF power to the gas mixture to deposit a low dielectric constant film. 
The gas mixture may also include oxygen and/or a linear hydrocarbon. 
In one aspect, the gas mixture includes N2O and oxygen as oxidizing gases, and a ratio of the flow rate of the N2O to a total flow rate of the N2O and the oxygen is between about 0.1 and about 0.5 
Disclosed is an alkaline etchant for controlling the surface roughness of a semiconductor wafer. 
The alkaline etchant is composed of an aqueous solution of sodium hydroxide or an aqueous solution of potassium hydroxide, and has a weight concentration from 55 weight% to 70 weight% 
The invention relates to an inlet system for an internal combustion engine with at least two banks of cylinders, each provided with an inlet manifold (4, 6), comprising individual inlet tubes (11 to 13 and 14 to 16) leading to the cylinders, whereby the inlet manifolds (4, 6) have a flow connection through a distributor tube (38) and at least one resonance tube (30) provided with a switching valve (32). 
According to the invention, the resonance (30) and distributor tube (38) are integrated to give a central inlet module (18) 
The invention relates to novel compounds of formula (I) wherein R, R<1>, R<2>, R<3> and R<4> have the meaning cited in claim 1, inhibit coagulation factors Xa and can be used in the prophylaxis and/or therapy of thromboembolic diseases and for treating tumours 
A composition is disclosed comprising a structural component comprising linear acrylic homopolymers or linear acrylic copolymers and a biobeneficial component comprising copolymers having an acrylate moiety and a biobeneficial moiety 
The invention relates to microparticles and compositions containing the microparticles for use in delivering viable cells to specific regions in the body for treatment of diseases in the body, and to methods of treatment of such diseases, where the microparticles include a core containing an effective amount of a biologically active agent distributed there through, and a cell attached to the surface of the core, and where the compositions contain the microparticles and a vehicle for the microparticles 
The invention relates to C6-C22 fatty acid esters of pentaerythritol, dipentaerythritol and/or tripentaerythritol, which contain less than 0.3 wt. % C17-fatty acids and have a melting point of at least 30 < DEG >C, to the use thereof in cosmetic compositions and to a method for the production thereof 
Absorbent articles having a liquid permeable topsheet, a liquid impermeable backsheet, and an absorbent core disposed between said topsheet and said backsheet are disclosed. 
The backsheet has a physical variation along at least one axis, wherein said physical variation defines a first backsheet zone and a second backsheet zone, and at least one elastomeric element having at least one primary direction of stretch, said elastomeric element at least partially overlapping and joined to first and/or second backsheet zone, wherein a relaxed pathlength of said elastomeric element in the primary direction of stretch is less than a total pathlength of said backsheet in the region of overlap. 
The physical variation is a measurable difference as measured by a physical property selected from the group consisting of basis weight, thickness and density 
Absorbent articles having a liquid permeable topsheet, a liquid impermeable backsheet, and an absorbent core disposed between said topsheet and said backsheet are disclosed. 
The backsheet has a physical variation along at least one axis, wherein said physical variation defines a first backsheet zone and a second backsheet zone, and at least one elastomeric element having at least one primary direction of stretch, said elastomeric element at least partially overlapping and joined to first and/or second backsheet zone, wherein a relaxed pathlength of said elastomeric element in the primary direction of stretch is less than a total pathlength of said backsheet in the region of overlap. 
The physical variation is a measurable difference as measured by a physical property selected from the group consisting of basis weight, thickness, density and tensile modulus 
An endoluminal prosthesis (122) is provided for restricting fluid flow in a lumen. 
The endoluminal prosthesis has a tubular graft having a flexible body with at least one stent (130) coupled thereto. 
The endoluminal prosthesis also includes a prosthetic valve (138) coupled to the inside the tubular graft. 
The prosthetic valve can be made of a synthetic or an organic material, such as an extracellular matrix, and can operate to limit fluid flow in one direction, but allow fluid flow in the other direction 
Methods for preparing a polymer-based stmt assembly comprising an inflatable balloon catheter and a polymer-based stmt resistant to relaxation-related negative recoil are provided. 
The methods comprise heating a polymeric cylindrical device which is at a final predetermined shape and diameter to a temperature sufficiently above the glass transition temperature (Tg) of the polymer and for a time sufficient to erase any memory of previous processing of the polymeric cylindrical device and then quenching the polymeric cylindrical device to provide an educated polymeric cylindrical device having a memory of the final predetermined diameter and shape, mounting the educated cylindrical device on an inflatable balloon catheter, reducing the diameter of the educated cylindrical device by heating to a temperature at or slightly above the Tg of the polymer while evenly applying pressure on the exterior surface of the wall of the cylindrical device, and then cooling the cylindrical device below the Tg of the polymer to provide a stmt assembly comprising an inflatable balloon catheter and an expandable, educated, polymeric stmt snugly and stably disposed thereon. 
Assemblies comprising an inflatable balloon and a polymer based stmt that is substantially resistant to relaxation related recoil mounted snugly on the balloon are also provided 
A high-elasticity, airless tire for human-powered vehicles that consists of a tire surface and a tire core, wherein a sealed pole-shaped tire core is wrapped tightly with a tire surface. 
A circular ridge is formed on the inner circumference of the surface of the sealed, round tire 
Explicit software control is used for data speculations. 
The explicit software control (140) is applied at selected locations in a computer program (130) to provide the benefit of data speculation while eliminating the need for hardware to perform data speculation. 
A computer-based method first determines, via explicit software control, whether data speculation for an item, a variable, a pointer, an address, etc., is needed (310). 
Upon determining that data speculation for the item is needed, the data speculation (320) is performed under explicit software control. 
Conversely, if the explicit software control determines that data speculation is not needed, e.g., the value of the item typically obtained by execution of a long latency instruction, is available, an original code segment is executed using an actual value of the item (330) 
Disclosed herein is an electrospray device for mass spectrometry that includes a fluid inlet, an outlet orifice, and a passage for fluid communication between the fluid inlet and outlet orifice. 
This passage is formed from a capillary (< 
An elevator system (10) includes an elevator car (12) supported for movement within a hoistway by a plurality of ropes (16) secured to the elevator car (12) by a corresponding plurality of hitch assemblies (14). 
Each hitch assembly (14) includes an adjustable member (18) for adjusting a biasing force exerted by a biasing member (20) on the elevator car (12). 
The adjustable member (18) varies the length of the biasing member (20) to distribute at least a portion of a supporting force among the plurality of ropes (16) to counter imbalanced loads on the elevator car (12) 
The invention relates to medicine, in particular a hepatoprotective and anti-encephalopathic agent for reducing alcohol intoxication. 
Said invention is characterised in that, apart from components based on amber, boletic and glutaminic acids, said agent contains at least one type of a group B vitamin. The inventive agent can also contain vegetable extracts or the mixtures thereof, L-carnitine, glicine, L-arginine, taurin and/or the mixture thereof, methyl-sulphonyl-methan, dihydroquercinite, dimethylsulphoxide or the mixture thereof, nicotinamide or nicotinic acid or the mixture thereof, energiser and a sweetener. 
A method for reducing alcohol intoxication, preventing and removing alcohol withdrawal syndrome, protecting a liver including encelopathy protection at non-alcohol intoxication is also disclosed. 
The invention enables to use said effects without qualified medical monitoring 
Fan apparatus including a fan, a shaft (68) coupled to the fan for transmission of driving force from a motor to the fan, a rotor bushing (70) of an insulating material joined to a rear end portion of the shaft (68), a rotor (60) joined to the rotor bushing (70) for transmission of the driving force to the shaft (69) through the rotor bushing (70), and a stator (65) mounted so as to be positioned on an inside of the rotor (60) to form a BLDC motor together with the rotor (60), thereby reducing noise and enhancing fan efficiency by employing the BLDG motor which can make stable operation of the fan and increase an air flow rate 
A process for fabricating a pressure vessel liner 1 comprising a tubular trunk 2 and two head plates 3 for closing opposite end openings of the trunk 2 by joining a first liner component 4 having a peripheral wall 6 provided with opposite end openings for providing the trunk 2 to two second liner components 5 each having a dome-shaped peripheral wall 7 for providing the respective head plates 3. 
The peripheral walls 6, 7 of the liner component 4 and each of the second liner components 5 are brought into contact with each other, a probe 22 of a friction agitation joining tool 20 is placed into the two liner components across the contact portions thereof, and the probe 22 in rotation is thereafter moved relative to the two liner components 4, 5. 
Assuming that the number of revolutions of the probe 22 is R rpm and that the speed of joining of the two liner components 4, 5 is V mm/min, R/V is in the range of 2<=R/V<=12. 
The process prevents a reduction in the strength of the joint between the liner components, and assures high productivity without impairmen 
The present invention relates to metallic containers for food and beverage products, and more specifically, a substantially metallic container (2) with a microwavable transparent portion (14) and a selectively removable metallic lid (4), wherein the container (2) can be used in a conventional microwave oven 
A method of forming a low AC loss, fully transposed cabled superconductor from multiple superconducting subconductors cut in a serpentine form from a wider superconducting tape is disclosed. 
By assembling pre-cut subconductor tapes a cable with a short transposition pitch length can be formed without excessive in-plane or out-of-plane deformation of the tape which could otherwise cause degradation of its superconducting performance. 
The transposition may be in either Roebel bar or Rutherford cable geometry. 
The invention relates to an optical device (16) for generating a laser beam. 
Said device comprises an optical element (22) into which at least one input beam is coupled and from which an output beam is projected. 
According to the invention, the optical element comprises a transparent body (22) provided with two opposing surfaces (28, 32) having a central plane that is oriented in such a way that it forms a first angle with a first spatial axis that is orthogonal to the longitudinal axis of the input beam, and a second angle with a spatial axis that is orthogonal to the longitudinal axis of the input beam and to the first spatial axis, said angles respectively being higher than zero. 
A coupling prism (24) for coupling the input beam into the body (22) is arranged on one surface (28) of the body (22) and a decoupling prism (34) for decoupling the output beam from the body (22) is arranged on the opposite surface (32) of the body (22), said prisms (24, 34) covering different regions on the body (22) in the direction of the longitudinal axis of the input beam 
The invention relates to devices for performing single step assays for the determination of the presence or absence of an analyte in a liquid sample, and methods of determining the presence or absence of such analytes using such devices. 
Devices disclosed comprise a labeled analyte-binding reagent reversibly-immobilized on a non-porous solid material, which solid material is in physical contact with a dry porous carrier bearing an immobilized analyte-binding reagent. 
Also provided are quantitative assay devices 
The present invention relates to hydrophilic synthetic nonwoven webs. 
At least a region of 1 cm by 1 cm comprised by the web of the invention comprises cross-linked hydrophilic polymers and has a retention capacity of less than 100 g of aqueous liquid per m² of the nonwoven fibrous web. 
Moreover, the invention relates to a method for making such nonwoven webs. 
Furthermore, the invention also relates to absorbent articles comprising the nonwoven webs comprising cross-linked hydrophilic polymers 
The invention relates to a coated material for forming a high-temperature material, comprised of a base material (1) that is formed by a steel or special steel, and of a coating (2) based on nickel having a chromium portion of at least 7 % by weight. 
The invention also relates to the production of said material 
A process for preparing a polymer containing derived units of one or more alpha olefins of formula CH2=CHW wherein W is a C3-C10 hydrocarbon radical and optionally from 0 to 81 % by mol of derived units of propylene or 1-butene, comprising contacting under polymerization conditions one or more alpha olefins of formula CH2=CHW and optionally propylene or 1-butene in the presence of a catalyst system obtainable by contacting: a) a metallocene compound of formula (I) wherein M, X, L, T, R1, R<2>, R<7> and R<8> are described in the text; and (b) an alumoxane or a compound capable of forming an alkyl metallocene cation 
The aim of the invention is to provide a compact multifunctional sensor element. 
To this end, a sensor element for detecting the acceleration of a motor vehicle is additionally provided with a distance measuring device for measuring the distance between the motor vehicle and a foreign object 
The inventive optical measuring device comprises a system (14) for illuminating a surface area (12) connected upstream of a light source by light transmitting means (18) and a system (22) for receiving the image of said surface area (12). 
The light source comprises a laser source and said light transmitting means (18) comprises a single-mode transmission optical fibre (20). 
A device for controlling the positioning of the prism (34) of said device, a method for controlling the prism (34) positioning and method for positioning said prism using the method for controlling said positioning are also disclosed 
The inventive crimping tool (1) comprises a pushing head (2) which contact the fold (3) of a sheet (4) and has a front convex contour (5) in a plane view and a guiding seat (6) applicable to the sheet (4), wherein the pushing head (2) and the guiding seat (6) are remote from each other and define therebetween a groove (7) bounded by faces (8, 9) which are opposite in a substentially parallel direction with respect to the pushing head and the seat. The thickness (e) of said groove (7) substantially corresponds to the thickness of parts to be crimped, the front face of the pushing head is convexly connected to said flat face delimiting the groove and the bottom (10) thereof and extends along a convex contour, in particular substentially in a parallel direction with respect to the front face (5) of the pushing head (2) 
The invention relates to zeolithic compositions containing at least one type of A, X and Y zeolite and/or chabazite and at least one type of clinoptilolite zeolite. 
The inventive zeolithic compositions are usable in adsorbing methods for removing H2O and/or CO2 and/or H2S contained in gas or liquid mixtures, in particular for purifying natural and acid gases, alcohols and mercaptans 
A powered test-tube agitation device(10) includes a small plate (12) having a rest (13) for a test tube(14) to be agitated and operated in agitation by a powered mechanism (15). 
The powered mechanism (15) is started by means (17, 117) of optical detection of the entry of an object into a predetermined zone above the small plate. 
Advantageously the detection means are photoelectric infrared reflection detection means(17) 
A joint prosthesis (20) comprises a first member (26) for engaging a first bone portion and a second member (24) for engaging a second bone portion. 
The first member comprises a first surface (34) with a first curve and the second member comprises a second surface (30) with a second curve. 
The first member is translatable with respect to the second member and the second curve is positioned within the first curve to bias the first and second curves towards alignment along a first axis (44) passing through the first and second bone portions 
The invention provides a method and system for reducing distortion in images provided by display systems(100) employing Spatial Light Modulating (SLM) elements is provided. 
A method. comprises steps of providing a set (620) of pixel values corresponding to pixels of an image to be displayed. 
The number of pixel values comprising the set is greater than the number of available SLM elements. 
At least some of the pixel values are adjusted to provide a set of adjusted pixel values (678). 
At least a first set of pixels and a second set of pixels are generated from the set of adjusted pixel values. 
The image is displaying as a matrix of pixels (450) comprising the first set of pixels (410) and the second set of pixels (430). 
At least one of the pixels of the first set overlaps at least one of the pixels of the second set and the adjusting step is carried out by adjusting pixel values of the pixel data set to compensate for image distortion due to overlapping pixels of the matrix 
An electromagnetic generator comprising two magnets and a coil disposed therebetween, the two magnets being configured to define therebetween a region of magnetic flux in which the coil is disposed whereby relative movement between the coil and the magnets generates an electrical current in the coil, and a vibratable first mount for each of the magnets and a vibratable second mount for the coil whereby each of the at least two magnets and the coil are respectively vibratable about a respective central position 
A system is provided for rapidly prototyping monolithic microwave integrated circuit modules to provide an experimental structure that can be physically made to operate by stereolithographically rendering an SLA part directly from the designer's drawings and by coating the part with a conductive layer, with the smoothness being better than .001 inch and with the dimensional accuracy being better than 3 mils for some applications. 
In one embodiment, the coating for the SLA model is made from either rhodium or gold having a thickness of less than 1/10,000<Ih> of an inch, with a nickel barrier being first deposited followed by the gold. 
The particular SLA plastic is a high temperature plastic to prevent bubbling during the metal deposition step which in one embodiment involves sputtering. 
The coated model has a microfinish of Ra < .001 inch, with active devices being electrically attached to the coating through the use of conductive adhesives or eutectic solder. 
This provides a device in which active devices are attached to the layer without soldering and without introduction of heat which might destroy the metallized layer and alter and the critical dimensions 
It is intended to efficiently determine a base sequence specifically appearing in an expression gene. 
For this, providing that the expression gene consists of exons (301)...(306) and especially that exon (301) is united with exon (302) and exon (302) with exon (303), an aggregate of base sequences (401) (403) being a union of exon base sequences (301)...(305) and a boundary base sequence obtained by uniting together base sequences(404) and (405) and base sequences (406) and (407) respectively existing over boundaries between exon (301) and exon (302) and between exon (302) and exon (303) is formed, and the aggregate is searched. 
If a base sequence is one specifically appearing in the expression gene, the number of search results is 1 and otherwise, the number is plural 
A forms development platform (10) for developing forms, comprising: an attribute design module (22) to graphically design reusable form attributes (81) from a selection of predetermined fields, the attributes (81) having integrated business logic; a form design module (23) to graphically design reusable forms (84) using the form attributes (81), the forms (84) having integrated business logic; and a project design module (21) to design reusable projects (86) by graphically arranging the forms (84) according to a predetermined process flow; wherein the design modules (21, 22, 23) operate independently from each other such that the design of the attributes (81), forms (84) and projects (86) are separate functions, and designed attributes (81), forms (84) and the projects (86) are stored as separate entities 
Disclosed herein is a mutual agreement type sale price determination method using cumulative distributions. 
The sale price determination method includes the steps of storing offered selling prices, desired quantities of commodities to sell, and personal information from the sellers, and offered purchasing prices, desired quantities of commodities to purchase, and personal information from the purchasers; obtaining cumulative distributions of the desired quantities of commodities to sell by arranging the offered selling prices and the desired quantities of commodities to sell in order ranging from a lowest price to a highest price; obtaining cumulative distributions of the desired quantities of commodities to purchase by arranging the offered purchasing prices and the desired quantities of commodities to purchase in order ranging from the highest price to the lowest price; and determining a sale price and the quantities of commodities for sale based on the cumulative distributions of the desired quantities of commodities to sell and purchase 
A mobile station has a processor and a user input mechanism such as a button that is operable to cause the processor to extract at least one feature from a digital media sample. 
The feature, such as a spectral centroid, is descriptive of an identity of a content of the media sample. 
Preferably, the same user input that causes the feature extraction also causes a transmitter to establish a link and to send a message to a network address, the message having a plurality of extracted features from which the digital media sample may not be reconstructed. 
Where a reply message identifies a media file that matches the media sample, another user input at the same or a different button causes an authorization message to be sent so that a copy of the media file, identified in the reply message and having features that exactly match the plurality of extracted and transmitted features, is downloaded to the mobile station 
A referral information communication and management method, apparatus and system, with related computer-readable media, signals, data-structures and program codes, involving, in response to signals received from respective client computers associated with a referrer and referee of a referral from the referrer to the referee: (1) storing information pertaining to the referral in a database as a collection of linked information units, the information units including a referrer identifier identifying the referrer as originator of the information and a referee identifier identifying the referee as intended recipient of the information, the collection representing the referral and being accessible by the respective client computers; (2) identifying collections of information units that satisfy a criterion, and displaying corresponding identifications at one of the client computers; (3) causing at least one information unit in a collection corresponding to a displayed identification, to be displayed at the client computer; and (4) causing at least one information unit in a collection corresponding to a displayed identification, to be modified 
A welding deformation computing method for computing welding deformation in a relatively short time while maintaining the high deducing accuracy of the welding deformation by convergence computation in such a way that nonlinear analysis of only the portion near the welded portion is carried out to maintain the continuity with the linear analysis result, a welding deformation computing device, a computer program, and a recording medium are provided. 
A limit surface representing the limit of the region for which nonlinear analysis is necessary at a predetermined time point is determined in reference to the stress distribution and the temperature distribution, the region for which nonlinear analysis is necessary is extracted, the displacement and reaction force at the limit surface is computed by linear analysis of the object to be welded, the reaction force at the limit surface is computed by nonlinear analysis of the region for which nonlinear analysis is necessary, the amount of correction of the displacement at the limit surface is computed if it is judged that the difference between the two reaction forces is larger than a predetermined value, the above processing is repeated, and the welding deformation of the object is computed from the computed displacement if it is judged that the difference between the reaction forces is smaller than the predetermined value 
A method to monitor a diverse and heterogeneous application environment includes instrumenting each of a plurality of application servers with a monitoring client to log transaction, event and/or heartbeat data pertaining to a respective application server (Figure 2). 
The logged transaction data is communicated to a central logging system (62). 
The logged transaction data is then stored at the central logging system and/or published over a messaging bus. 
The logged transaction data is further aggregated so as to providing an aggregate view of the logged transaction data across the plurality of application servers (12). 
The logged transaction data is also communicated from each of the monitoring clients (28) to the central logging systems utilizing a common syntax so as to facilitate the aggregation of the logged transaction data 
The present invention provides systems and methods for displaying a map conveying data and information related to intellectual properties. 
The system and method allows for a user to choose criteria for a search, which results are graphically displayed. 
The system and method also provides for applying filtering to the results based on system parameters, such as access permissions 
A computer apparatus which uses a database (22) to offer persistent storage of metadata (36) describing the content of media files (32). 
Metadata is used to create a personalised media article (48) from those media files. 
That metadata also indicates relationships between those media files. 
In order to accelerate the creation of the personalised media article (48), media element metadata items are stored in a cache. 
The usefulness of this cache is improved further by reading related media elements data from retrieved metadata items (36), and then pre-fetching those items and placing them in the cache. 
Because the relatedness of the data items means that the related data item is more likely to be required in the near future, the caching method is more useful than known caching methods. 
Furthermore, the improved usefulness of the cache is achieved without placing constraints on where the data items are placed in the persistent storage 
Disclosed is a system and method for processing data in a community such as a café, homepage, blog, mini-room, mini-homepage, and the like, which are established in web sites on the Internet. 
The method for processing data in a community established on a website includes a) by a community visitor, accessing the community and selecting a link program prepared in the community, b) confirming whether the community visitor executes or terminates the link program, c) receiving visitor-related data related to the execution of the link program when the link program is terminated, d) processing and utilizing the visitor-related data in the community, and e) storing the processed visitor-related data in the community. 
According to the present invention, it is possible to please community visitors through interaction with the visitors in the community. 
In addition, enjoyment factors can be amplified by providing historical information and event factors caused by game action. 
Further, the degree of participation of the visitors in the community becomes more increased and re-visit of the visitors to the community can be promoted 
The invention relates to a method for remodeling a device for the thermal treatment of fine-grained materials, especially a device for drying, burning and/or sintering fine-grained raw materials to be used in the iron industry, by providing said device with a grate for receiving the material to be treated, in order to increase the capacity of the device. 
The invention also relates to a grate carriage with an increased capacity 
A threaded tubular connection comprises a male tubular element comprising a male threaded portion and a female tubular element comprising a female threaded portion which cooperates by screwing with the male threaded portion. 
In accordance with the invention, the threaded connection comprises at least one transfer zone which can transfer bending loads between said elements and which is axially spaced from said threaded portions, in which the male and female elements have an undulating surface and a smooth surface facing each other, the undulating surface (5) defining a series of rounded annular ribs (7) which come into contact with the smooth surface with a radial interference fit. 
Application to production strings for hydrocarbon wells 
The invention relates to a method for the deposition of at least one layer on at least one substrate in a process chamber, whereby the layer comprises at least one component. 
The at least one first metal component is vaporised in a particularly conditioned carrier gas by means of a non-continuous injection of a starting material in the form of a liquid or dissolved in a liquid and at least one second component as chemically-reactive starting material. 
The starting materials are alternately introduced into the process chamber and the second starting material is a chemically-reactive gas or a chemically-reactive liquid 
A method for determining a target nucleic acid sequence, wherein the target nucleic acid sequence is comprised in a preparation comprising a non-target nucleic acid sequence, the target nucleic acid sequence and the non-target nucleic acid sequence each having a first region of common sequence upstream of a first region of dissimilar sequence upstream of a second region of dissimilar sequence, the method comprising: (a) contacting the preparation with a blocking oligonucleotide complementary to at least a portion of the first region of dissimilar sequence of the non-target nucleic acid sequence, under conditions to hybridise the blocking oligonucleotide thereto; (b) contacting the preparation with a sequencing primer complementary to at least a portion of the first region of common sequence, under conditions to hybridise the primer to the target nucleic acid sequence; and (c) subjecting the preparation to a sequencing reaction, such that the sequencing reaction proceeds into the second region of dissimilar sequence of the target nucleic acid sequence, thereby determining at least the second region of dissimilar sequence of the target nucleic acid sequence; and wherein the blocking oligonucleotide blocks the sequencing reaction at least from proceeding into the second region of dissimilar sequence of the non-target nucleic acid sequence 
A method for determining a target nucleic acid sequence, wherein the target nucleic acid sequence is comprised in a preparation comprising a non-target nucleic acid sequence, the target nucleic acid sequence and the non-target nucleic acid sequence each having a first region of common sequence upstream of a first region of dissimilar sequence upstream of a second region of dissimilar sequence, the method comprising: (a) contacting the preparation with an oligonucleotide primer complementary to at least a portion of the first region of common sequence, under conditions to hybridise the primer thereto; (b) contacting the preparation with a first labelled nucleotide bearing a first label, wherein the first labelled nucleotide is complementary to a first template nucleotide comprised in the first region of dissimilar sequence of either the target nucleic acid sequence or the non-target nucleic acid sequence, under conditions to incorporate the first labelled nucleotide either into the primer hybridised to the target nucleic acid sequence or into the primer hybridised to the non-target nucleic acid sequence but not into both; (c) subjecting the preparation to a sequencing reaction, thereby extending the primer to form one or more first-labelled sequencing products comprising the first labelled nucleotide and one or more non-first-labelled sequencing products comprising no first labelled nucleotide; and (d) determining at least a portion of the sequence of the first-labelled sequencing products and/or the non-first-labelled sequencing products, thereby determining at least the second region of dissimilar sequence of the target nucleic acid sequence 
A method for determining a target nucleic acid sequence, wherein the target nucleic acid sequence is comprised in a preparation comprising a non-target nucleic acid sequence, the target nucleic acid sequence and the non-target nucleic acid sequence each having a first region of common sequence upstream of a first region of dissimilar sequence upstream of a second region of dissimilar sequence, the method comprising: (a) contacting the preparation with an oligonucleotide primer complementary to at least a portion of the first region of common sequence, under conditions to hybridise the primer thereto; and (b) subjecting the preparation to a sequencing reaction, such that the sequencing reaction proceeds into the second region of dissimilar sequence of the target nucleic acid sequence, thereby determining at least the second region of dissimilar sequence -of the target-nucleic acid- sequence; and wherein the method further comprises a step of blocking the sequencing reaction between the primer and the non-target nucleic acid sequence, such that the sequencing reaction does not proceed into the second region of dissimilar sequence of the non­target nucleic acid sequence 
A silicone resin composition is provided which includes a silicone resin such as a silicone elastomer and a particulate kaolin filler which has been pretreated with an amino-or vinyl-functionalized organosilane or organosiloxane. 
The treated particulate kaolin filler can be used as reinforcement for silicone resin replacing silica fillers typically used for reinforcement 
A core (4) for a roll of printing paper, which core (4) comprises a body portion (6), a bore (8) through the body portion (6) a first end member (10) which is removably secured to a first end (12) of the body portion (6), and a second end member (14) which is removably secured to a second end (16) of the body portion (6), the core (4) being made of a plastics material 
The invention relates to a device for pneumatically conveying fine-particle bulk materials, particularly glass fibers. Said device comprises: (i) two or several charging mechanisms (1A, 1B, 1C), each of which is connected to a first end of a delivery pipe (2A, 2B, 2C) via a blocking mechanism (11A, 11B, 11C), the second respective end of the delivery pipe (2A, 2B, 2C) being joined to a main conveyor pipe (17) via a blocking mechanism (15A, 15B, 15C) in the region of a first end; (ii) one or several discharge mechanisms (8A, 8B, 8C), each of which is connected to the main conveyor pipe (17) via a blocking mechanism (18A, 18B, 18C); (iii) a secondary carrier gas conduit (4) that is mounted parallel to the main conveyor pipe (17) and the delivery pipes (2A, 2B, 2C) while being connected to the main conveyor pipe (17) and the delivery pipes (2A, 2B, 2C) with the aid of a plurality of connecting conduits (5); (iv) a suction-type conveying apparatus (3) which is connected in a blockable manner to the second end of a delivery pipe (2A, 2B, 2C) by means of blocking mechanisms (10A, 10B, 10C), respectively; (v) a pressurized conveying apparatus (16) that is joined in a blockable fashion to the first end of a delivery pipe (2A, 2B, 2C) by means of blocking mechanisms (12A, 12B, 12C), to the secondary carrier gas conduit (4) by means of another blocking mechanism (13), and to the first end of the main conveyor pipe (17) by means of yet another blocking mechanism (14), respectively; and (vi) blocking mechanisms (6) in the connecting conduits (5) 
A compact, reconfigurable device that allows its operator to move large and/or heavy loads, consisting of a modular base frame (1) fitted with a roller (2) which is driven by an electric or pneumatic motor and gearbox (3) attached to and residing primarily inside of said drive roller (2), a rear axle and maneuvering wheels (4) that is able to freely rotate forwards and backwards within the base frame (1) and to which is attached various types of handle shafts such as a straight (5) or "L-shaped" (6) handle shaft. 
Such handle shafts (6) include a controller throttle in the handle grip (7) that with the two axes of motion (pivoting rear axle forward/back and rotating handle shaft in the rear axle (4) provides the operator greater versatility in maneuvering the device. 
Further accessories such as brackets provide additional functionality, such as pushing and rolling with bracket (8). 
In the case of battery-powered models, the battery packs (9) can be quick-changed to a quick-charger (10) allowing offline charging of a battery pack while the device is in operation, avoiding the requirement for the machine to carry lager batteries or be inoperable while said batteries aye being recharged. 
The aim of said invention is to improve the load distribution in a carrier bag formed by two lateral parts (1, 2) which are connected by the inner surfaces thereof, form a common bottom part and the top bag opening and which are provided, respectively, thereinside with a handle, wherein the lateral side (1, 2) has a slot (4) arranged above the fixing plane of the two handles (5, 6) and one lateral part (1, 2) is embodied in such a way that it is higher the other lateral part (1, 2) and forms an enveloping cover (3). 
In addition, the slot (4) is inserted into the enveloping cover for receiving the two handles (5, 6), the enveloping cover (3) is connected to the external surface of the other lateral part (1, 2) by means of a closing element (9) extending along the entire width of the inventive carrying bag 
A tube manufacturing method, comprising a step for rolling a tube at a fixed diameter by using an apparatus for fixed diameter rolling formed of a plurality of stands having a plurality of hole type rolling rolls. 
The method is characterized in that, where the minimum value of angles formed by the tangents drawn on the opposed edge parts of the hole type rolling rolls adjacent to each other in all stands is beta (deg), the outer diameter of the tube on the out-side of the apparatus for fixed diameter rolling is D (mm), and the wall thickness of the tube on the out-side of the apparatus for fixed diameter rolling is t (mm), such a hole type rolling roll that the angle beta can fulfill the requirement of the following expression (1) is used. beta >= 1.13 x 10 x Ln (t/D x 100) + 1.37 x 10<2> ... 
(1 
The present invention relates to hogging, sometimes known as reducing, apparatus for reducing wood waste into hog fuel, though some embodiments may also be used for reducing other materials including demolition timber, demolition masonry, mild steel scrap (thin sections), soft metal scrap, recycled cans, recycled glass, recycled plastic, soft rocks, occasionally hard rocks, recycled roading and asphalt, old tyres, and certain green garden waste. 
The apparatus comprises a drum (40) inclined to the horizontal and into which raw material can be fed at its upper end. 
Rotation of the drum (40) assists driving raw material towards reducing means (45) positioned at an angle near its (40) lower end. 
Screening apertures (41) allow sufficiently comminuted material to pass therethrough for removal. 
Optional features include internal agitators (60) for improving processing and screening, assisted drying of raw material by motor exhaust (71), and initial pre-screening of foreign material 
The invention relates to an epilator for plucking hairs from human skin, said epilator comprising a housing (1) provided with an epilation head (2) which is driven by a driving means (5) and comprises hair gripping elements (4) on the outer surface thereof, for at least temporarily gripping the hairs to be plucked. 
The speed of the outer surface of the epilation head (2) in relation to the housing (1) is less than or equal to 0.6 m/sec., especially less than 0.15 m/sec 
A method and apparatus are provided for collecting information by an organization on home health-care provided to a plurality of care recipients by a plurality of caregivers. 
The method includes the steps of accepting a call through a call connection by an interactive voice response unit from a caregiver of the plurality of caregivers during a home health-care visit to a care recipient of the plurality of care recipients and determining an identity of the care recipient of the plurality of care recipients by the interactive voice response unit from information associated with the accepted call. 
The method further includes the steps of recognizing an identity of the caregiver by the interactive voice response unit from information transferred through the call connection and determining a type of care given by the caregiver to the care recipient by the interactive voice response unit from information provided by the caregiver through the call connection 
Systems and methods are disclosed herein to provide sense amplifiers for various applications. 
For example, in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention, a sense amplifier (114) is disclosed having an associated precharge circuit (110, 112) and a read completion detection circuit 
The present invention provides a system that facilitates the selection of purchasable items for use in an environs defined by the customer. 
In one aspect, the system includes a processing element capable of proposing a plurality of purchasable items to the customer for selection by the customer. 
The processing element also is capable of receiving data representing the environs and data representing at least one purchasable item selected by the customer. 
The processing element is further capable of generating and displaying a three-dimensional graphical representation of the environs and each purchasable item or items selected by the customer so that the customer can visualize the items in the environs 
A dual slot radiator is provided. The dual slot radiator comprises two slot radiating elements of different lengths having a single power feed. 
The power feed generally comprises a microstrip feed line connected at a first end to a power source and each of the slot radiators at a second end 
An audio/video mixer (10) for disc jockeys includes a number of video inputs (28, 30, 36, 38), a number of audio inputs (24, 26), a video output (46, 48), an audio output (42, 44), and controls (100, 200) thereon for selectively mixing the respective audio and video signals, applying special effects thereto and routing them through the respective video and audio outputs 
Provided is a system and method for processing images. A method for removing artifacts for restoring a block of data includes but is not limited to receiving one or more original transform coefficients of the block of data; quantizing the original transform coefficients of the block of data, the quantizing resulting in one or more quantization levels associated with the one or more original transform coefficients; applying an artifact reduction process to the quantized original transform coefficients; adjusting one or more quantized data values representing the transform coefficients as altered by the artifact reduction process if any of the one or more quantized data values are outside the one or more quantization levels after applying the artifact reduction process; and reapplying the artifact reduction process and readjusting the adjusted quantized data values, the reapplying the artifact reduction process enabling restoration of the block of data 
A photoelectric conversion element is provided by successively stacking a porous photoelectric conversion layer having dye adsorbed therein, an electrolytic layer, a catalyst layer and a conductive layer, between a light transmitting board and a supporting board through a conductive layer. 
A dye sensitizing solar cell module has at least two photoelectric conversion elements arranged in parallel, and has an effective area rate of 100%, which is a rate of an area of a region contributing to power generation to an entire area of one region formed by connecting the outlines of each porous photoelectric conversion layer viewed from the top 
Disclosed is a nonaqueous electrolyte solution useful for producing a lithium secondary battery having excellent cycle characteristics. 
Specifically disclosed is a nonaqueous electrolyte solution for lithium secondary batteries obtained by dissolving an electrolyte in a nonaqueous solvent which is characterized by containing 0.1-10 mass% of a tert-alkyl benzene compound and also containing 0.001-0.5 mass% of a benzene compound, wherein a hydrocarbon group having 1-4 carbon atoms is bonded to a benzene ring via the tertiary carbon atom, relative to the tert-alkyl benzene compound 
Disclosed is a lithium secondary battery which is excellent in cycle characteristics, battery capacity and battery characteristics such as storage characteristics. 
A nonaqueous electrolyte solution for lithium secondary batteries wherein an electrolyte salt is dissolved in a nonaqueous solvent is characterized in that a formate compound having a specific structure is contained in the nonaqueous electrolyte solution in an amount of 0.01-10 weight% relative the nonaqueous electrolyte solution. 
A lithium secondary battery uses such a nonaqueous electrolyte solution 
An additive for nonaqueous electrolyte of battery that has a satisfactorily high boiling point and hence is not vaporized at high-temperature use, and that at emergency such as short circuiting, satisfactorily ensures the safety of electrolyte, and that is capable of imparting excellent low-temperature performance. 
In particular, there is provided an additive for nonaqueous electrolyte of battery, comprising a phosphazene compound represented by the formula (NPX2)n (wherein each of X's independently represents a halogen atom; and n is an integer of 3 to 15) and containing at least two kinds of halogen elements 
A cooling liquid composition for fuel cell characterized in that metal ions are contained in a base, preferably at a concentration of 0.001 to 10 mmol/lit. 
In the use of this cooling liquid composition for fuel cell, the conductivity of the composition is maintained at 15 muS/cm or below 
A semiconductor structure is fabricated by etching semiconductor material (100) to form one or more recesses having side walls. 
The semiconductor material on the side walls is then reacted to form an oxide (302) of the semiconductor material. 
This oxide may be then selectively removed from the side walls of the recess(es). This leads to a semiconductor structure having a high aspect ratio which is defined as the depth of the recess(es) divided by the width of the semiconductor material between the recess(es) 
An system for improved modeling of chemical and biological systems includes a graphical user interface accepting user commands and input'for constructing a model of a biological system or a chemical reaction. 
The system also includes a simulation engine .accepting as input said constructed model of the chemical reaction or biological system 'and generating as output dynamic behavior of the modeled biological system or chemical reaction. 
An analysis environment communicates with the simulation engine and displays the dynamic behavior 
The invention provides a system and method for automated data analysis in which data agents are located and operate at each member sites or data source (i.e., locally). 
These agents access stored data at the data source or member sites, process the data and also aggregate the results. 
The aggregated results from each of the member sites are then forwarded to and further aggregated at a central analytic hub. 
The central analytic hub contains a centralized application which can further aggregate each of the aggregated results and perform a final analysis. 
These results are then delivered to the requestor without any ability to identify individual data sources, or records from those sources 
Device, systems and methods for introducing water into the combustion chamber of an internal combustion engine, incorporating an injector and a heater, are shown and described. 
The injector is configured to inject water at a pulse rate and frequency controlled by various engine performance readings, and the heater configured to convert the water into steam on demand, and to route the steam into the air stream flowing toward the combustion cylinder. 
In certain embodiments, the heater is positioned to provide steam to the cylinder before the temperature of the steam changes significantly. 
In other embodiments, the heater is configured to convert to steam a flow of water equal to or less than the amount of fuel burned by the engine during the same time period 
A rigid package (1) of tobacco articles, having two first containers (2), each housing a group (3) of tobacco articles and housed inside a second container (4) so as to slide with respect to the second container (4) between a closed position, in which the first container (2) is fully inserted inside the second container (4), and an open position, in which part of the first container (2) projects from the second container (4) 
A foam molding die enabling the easy degassing in molding a foam body, the minimization of the produced amount of burrs, and the easy machining, comprising a die body having a cope and a drag, upper and lower outer peripheral parts formed at the peripheral edge parts of the cope and drag, and seal surfaces formed on the contact surfaces of the upper and lower outer peripheral parts. 
A plurality of grooves are formed in at least one of the seal surfaces formed on the outer peripheral parts of the cope and drag so as to surround the die body, and a pipe for accumulating a gas is buried in the outermost groove among the plurality of grooves 
A two-component mixing type pre-filled syringe requiring less storage area and increased in operability without impairing the medicine storage stability of a conventional two-component mixing type pre-filled syringe. 
The pre-filled syringe (1) comprises a nozzle member (20), a barrel (10) having a bypass (13) swelling to the radial outer side, a tip gasket (60) sealing the tip of the barrel (10), an intermediate gasket (70) partitioning, airtight, the inside of the barrel (10) into a front chamber (11) and a rear chamber (12) storing a liquid agent (L), and a plunger gasket (80) positioned on the base end side more than the intermediate gasket (70) and sealing the inside of the barrel (10). 
The intermediate gasket (70) further comprises at least one seal part (71) in contact with the inner wall of the barrel (10) and a bypass communication passage (72) allowing the front chamber (11) to communicate with the rear chamber (12) in association with the bypass (13) 
A single use retractable syringe (10) has an inner barrel (44) supporting a needle (16) at one end and is slidable within an outer barrel (11). 
In the packaged condition the inner barrel is in a position relative to the outer barrel such that the needle can be attached to a Luer connection on the inner barrel and projects from a first end (18) of the outer barrel. 
The inner barrel has first and second latching means (40, 41, 43) adjacent each end, respectively, and the outer barrel has retaining means (48) on the inner wall surface adjacent the second end thereof. 
When the inner barrel first latching means (40) is engaged with the retaining means the syringe is in position ready for use and after the first full depression of a plunger the inner barrel is released and moves to a position where the second latching means (41, 43) becomes permanently engaged with the retaining means. 
The needle is then fully enclosed within the outer barrel and the inner barrel projects from the second end (19) of the outer barrel 
The invention relates to a single-piece intervertebral annulus prosthesis (1) embodies in the form of a ring exhibiting a high compressibility and deformation ability due to the material (M) thereof which enables said prosthesis to be perfectly adaptable to any type of intervertebral cavity. The inventive prosthesis comprises fixing means (121) which is connected to a connection rod (21) and belongs to the ring of the prosthesis (1), thereby enabling said rod (21) to insert the prosthesis into the implantation site thereof. 
The assembly of said means makes it possible to press the prosthesis in order to place it in a compartment disposed in an associated insertion device and to transfer the prosthesis from the housing thereof towards the implantation site without deterioration risk and to remove the connection rod (21) which is used in the form of a guide device during the insertion to the implantation site 
An apparatus for cleaning shoes, such as soccer, rugby, golf shoes and other sports shoes, including a main structure that supports supporting members that perform a translational motion and are accommodated on the bottom of channels formed by the main structure. 
The channels accommodate a plurality of nozzles that wash the soles of the shoes and are provided with brushes for cleaning the upper and for containing the sprays. 
The apparatus includes a transformer for transforming the normal mains voltage into a low voltage in order to supply power to the translational supporting means. 
The transformer is accommodated in a second structure separate from the main structure 
A seed treatment aqueous insecticidal and/or nematicidal composition in the form of a suspension comprising: (A) at least one insecticide and/or nematicide in an amount of at least 3 weight %, based on the weight of the composition, and optionally at least one other substance which has a melting point above 30°C; and (B) at least two surface active compounds, wherein (i) at least one surface active compound has a molecular weight of less than 2200 and a Hydrophile-Lipophilic Balance (HLB) of at least 10 and (ii) at least one surface active compound is non-ionic, has a molecular weight of at least 2200, wherein 10 to 60 % of the compound molecular weight contributes to the hydrophile constituent of the compound, and the molecular weight of the hydrophobe constituent of the compound is from 2000 to 10000; provided that the weight ratio of (B):(A) is in the range 0.08 to 0.5, and the weight ratio of (ii):(i) is at least 0.5. 
Such compositions demonstrate improved dust-off performance when applied to propagation material, such as seeds 
An adapter (50) for removable insertion into a digital media slot (16), having the same interface as the adapter (50), formed in a front panel of a digital media reader (10), the adapter removably receiving digital media therein instead of directly into the reader, includes generally rectangular header having a first face defining a plurality of female apertures (64) in a configuration corresponding to the configuration of the reader's male connector pins (22) and a second face having a plurality of projecting male connector pins in the sa configuration as the reader's male connector pins, guide means corresponding to the reader's guide structure defining the sides of the header for slidably engaging the guide structure of the reader and a metal plate on the header for discharging electrostatic charge when the adapter is inserted into the reader, the adapter being positioned behind the front panel of the reader when fully inserted into the slot 
Systems and methods are provided for creating and processing implied spread products that include one or more legs having nonstandard tick levels. 
One or more multiple financial instrument legs consist of underlying financial instruments (302, 304, 306 and 308) that have standard tick levels and result in the leg(s) having a nonstandard tick level. 
The use of underlying financial instruments that have standard tick levels facilitates the linking of spread product markets to markets for the underlying financial instruments 
A system is provided for establishing a communication session with a terminal (i.e., terminating SIP client). 
The system includes a network node (e.g., SIP proxy) located in a network across which an originating client is capable of communicating. 
The network node is capable of sending a trigger to the terminal independent of the network. 
The network node is also capable of receiving a registration message, in response to the trigger, from the terminal across the network. 
In this regard, the network node is capable of receiving the registration message to thereby identify the terminal across the network such that a communication session is capable of being established with the terminal based upon the identity of the terminal across the network 
A contention-based datalink couples a receiving station and a plurality of sending stations. 
A first sending station has established a communication session with the receiving station. 
If a second one of the plurality of sending stations requests a call setup for a higher priority low-latency transmission, the receiving station sends a poll to the second sending station. 
The poll causes the first sending station to temporarily suspend its transmission activities and permits the second sending station to transmit a real time protocol (RTP) datagram. 
Upon completion of transmission from the second sending station, the suspended transmission from the first sending station resumes in a transparent fashion. 
The receiving station controls transmission rate by sending poll requests at intervals determined by a data value transmitted from sending station. 
Within the sending station, datagrams in an output queue are monitored and polling rate varied so as to maintain the number of datagrams in the output queue at an optimal level 
To provide a data processing method capable of preventing unauthorized use of data (digital content) and surely collecting charges on secondary use of the data, a data reading method for reading data processed by that processing method, and a medium containing a program for realizing these methods. 
In the processing method of a data body b subjected to encryption and decryption for each decryption bit length and to be reproduced, the data body b is encrypted, a part of a bit length different from the decryption bit length of the data body b is omitted and the interval at the omitted part is cut off so that the data becomes continuous 
The invention relates to a pulse-generator circuit (201) for generating an input signal for a flip-flop circuit from a clock-pulse signal (CLK) and a data signal (D). 
Said circuit comprises a control unit for controlling a clock-pulse field effect transistor (205), a logic field effect transistor (207) and a feedback field effect transistor (209). 
To generate the input signal, the control unit is configured in such a way that the clock-pulse field effect transistor is controlled chronologically after the logic field effect transistor and the feedback field effect transistor, thus generating the flip-flop signal 
Certain exemplary embodiments comprise method, the method comprising a plurality of activities comprising: for each of a plurality of potential arcing events associated with an alternating current: sensing the potential arcing event; identifying an amplitude-duration pair associated with the potential arcing event; assessing the plurality of amplitude-duration pairs; and determining if the plurality of potential arcing events corresponds to an arcing conditio 
The present invention relates to a thin film solar cell and a method of manufacturing such cells. 
In particular the invention relates to the use of a composite back contact (314) in Cu(In,Ga)Se2 (CIGS) based thin film solar cells with thin absorber layers. 
The composite back contact (314) is provided between the substrate (105) and the absorber (115) and comprises: a back reflector layer (311) that enhance the reflectance at the absorber/composite back contact interface; and at least a contact layer that contact layer (310, 313) that ensures suitable electrical properties of the back contact with respect to the absorber; and/or a conductance layer (312) that ensures low sheet resistance for the in-plane current flow 
A tubular gas discharge lamp and a method of manufacturing are disclosed. 
The method includes providing a tubular ingot having an outer surface with a first outer diameter. 
The method further includes drawing the tubular ingot to form a tube. 
The tube has a wall with an outer surface. 
The outer surface has a second outer diameter less than the first outer diameter. 
The wall is substantially transmissive to ultraviolet light. 
The method further includes applying at least one coating on the outer surface of the tube. 
The at least one coating includes a phosphor material 
Disclosed is an antireflective film with high antireflection effects which does not cause intermixing with the photoresist and can be used in a lithography process wherein a short-wavelength light such as an F2 excimer laser (wavelength: 157 nm) or an ArF excimer laser (wavelength: 193 nm) is used. 
Also disclosed is a composition for forming such an antireflective film. 
The antireflective film-forming composition is characterized in that it is composed of a solid content and a solvent and the proportion of sulfur atoms in the solid content is 5-40 mass%. 
The solid content includes a polymer containing at least 5 mass% of sulfur atoms and the like 
In various aspects, the invention provides an electrochemical analysis system comprising a fluid-dispensing counter electrode positionable to dispense an electrolyte onto a coated working electrode, wherein electrical energy applied to the system induces a detectable signal that is indicative of a property of the coating on the working electrode 
A method for automatically measuring denatured portions of many dyed thin slice specimens. 
Color region information on a specified denatured portion is acquired from image data on a reference sample of dyed thin slice specimens (40), and color information on a specified undenatured portion is acquired from the image data. 
Color information on a specified undenatured portion is acquired from image data on a sample and compared with the color information on the undenatured portion of the reference sample. 
A color correction amount is calculated so as to match the color tone and brightness of the undenatured portion of the sample with those of the reference sample. 
The image data on the sample is color-corrected according to the color correction amount. 
A denatured portion is extracted from the color-corrected image data on the sample on the basis of the color region information on the reference sample 
Light measuring equipment comprising a container (7) including a sample chamber (8), a lens (5) for condensing light from a sample contained in the sample chamber, a photodetector (13) for detecting the light from the sample passed through the lens, a means (15) for detecting the position of the sample chamber based on the output from the photodetector, and position adjusting means (18, 19) for locating the container or the lens based on the output from the position detecting means 
The invention relates to an automatically displaceable floor dust collecting device (1) comprising an electric-motor drive, a dust collecting receptacle, and a cover. 
The floor dust collecting device is also provided with an obstacle recognition system (10). 
In order to improve the design of a floor dust collecting device with regard to the obstacle recognition system so that this system is not liable to break down but is also sensitive, the invention provides that a number of feeler elements (14) are provided which are placed in a protruding area 
Device for the dispensing of paper with varying use, for instance as toilet paper, wet napkins, towel paper etc. that includes an electrical perforating device and means for individual spraying of water or water with an additive of soap etc. on the paper that is to be dispensed, controlled by the need 
The disclosure relates to a method of improving the efficiency of fat separation in the separation of a liquid food product with a certain fat content. 
The method comprises the method step that the liquid food product is caused to pass through a first separator (1) where the product is divided up into a lighter and a heavier phase. 
The first separator (1) is regulated so that the lighter phase will have a fat content which is less than 15%. 
The method also includes the method step that the lighter phase is caused to pass through a second separator (7) 
A patient interface device (30, 100, 222, 232) that includes a frame (36, 226, 236) sized and configured to span at least a portion of a patient's face while remaining below the patient's eyes when the patient interface device is donned by the patient. A support member (38, 104, 252) is coupled to the frame such that the support member is moveable relative to the frame. 
A light bulb (10) includes a translucent housing (12) and a base (24). 
The housing (12) includes a plurality of LEDs (14a, 14b, 14c, and 15) positioned so as to emit light through the housing (12). 
The base (24) is configured to mate with a light socket. The base (24) also includes a compartment (23) for receiving and securing a replaceable active ingredient cartridge (22), and an active ingredient dispenser (20) for emitting an active ingredient from the cartridge (22) when the cartridge (22) is secured in the compartment (23). 
A fluorescent light source (30) may also be provided in the housing (12) as a source of illumination 
The invention relates to a base semi-conductor component (1) for a semi-conductor stack (2). The base semi-conductor component (1) comprises a semi-conductor chip (3) which is arranged in a central manner on a firm wiring substrate (4). 
The wiring substrate (4) comprises contact connection surfaces (8) in the edge area thereof (6,7), which are in contact in an electric manner with external contacts, also with contact surfaces of the semi-conductor chip (3), and with stack contact surfaces (17). 
The stack contact surfaces (17) also form the upper side of the base semi-conductor component (1) and comprise an arrangement pattern (16) which corresponds to an arrangement pattern of external contacts of a semi-conductor component which is to be stacked (19) 
A semiconductor package including a first substrate having a die receiving area, a first adhesive layer, a window opening, and a plurality of conductive traces, a first semiconductor die having two sides and with an electrically active side mounted to the substrate through the first adheisve layer, a second adhesive layer having a first side attached to an electrically inactive side of the first semiconductor die, a second substrate having a die receiving area and a plurality of conductive traces and terminals, a last adhesive layer having a first side attached to a side of the second substrate with the terminals, a last semiconductor die having two sides and with an electrically inactive side being mounted to the second side of the third adhesive layer, and an electrically active side being electrically coupled to the conductive traces of the first or second substrate directly or through a redistribution device, and an encapsulant to encapsulate the semiconductor dies and electrical coupling, and signal transferring interconnects to transfer an electrical signal from the conductive traces to the exterior of the package 
A transformer, wherein a coil part formed by combining a first bobbin on which a coil is installed with a second bobbin fitted to the first bobbin is held by magnetic cores from the upper and lower sides. 
The first bobbin comprises at least one through-hole for lead pull-out on the inner peripheral side circumference of a coil installation surface. 
At least one of the coil pull-out leads of the coil is pull out through the through-hole for lead pull-out. 
The transformer prevents the coil pull-out leads from projecting, being displaced, or being erroneously wired to improve the easiness of the insertion of the coil. 
Accordingly, the workability of the transformer can be remarkably increased and the cost thereof can be reduced 
A graphics processor and method is disclosed wherein a surface processing engine is configured to receive vertex information and assemble a plurality of surfaces based on the vertex information, the surfaces representing a graphic image. 
A pixel processing engine may be configured to render the assembled surfaces into pixel information. A clock control module may be configured to provide a surface clock to the surface processing engine, and a pixel clock to the pixel processing engine, each of the clocks having a rate that is adjustable independent of the other clock 
A method and apparatus for detecting a target (110) in an image is disclosed. 
A plurality of depth images is provided by a sensor array (106). 
A plurality of target templates is compared to at least one of the plurality of depth images. 
A scores image is generated based on the plurality of target templates and the at least one depth image 
The invention relates to an energy meter system with two inputs (1, 2) to which signals are supplied that depend on an electrical voltage (V) and an electric current (I). 
These signals are digitized and interlinked in A/D converters (3, 4). 
In order to correct phase deviations which can be caused by means for coupling in the signals (14, 16), a phase evaluation block (9) is connected to the outputs of the A/D converters. 
The phase evaluation bloc (9) controls a phase correction block (6) on the output of an A/D converter (4). 
Phase evaluation can be carried out in the digital signal processing unit, thereby making it possible to easily carry out a cost-effective compensation of phase errors in such a way that is possible to carry out a galvanic separation while avoiding errors of measurement at the input. 
The inventive energy meter system is especially suited for implementation into integrated circuit technology 
The present invention relates to a control method for a movable air conditioner extracting condensed water, said air conditioner mainly comprises a refrigeration System, a shower system and a fan system. 
The refrigeration System comprises a compressor, an evaporator, a throttle mechanism and a condenser, which are connected in turn. 
The shower system comprises a water tank, a pump which pumps the water in said water tank to the condenser, and a water level regulator that controls the pump's running; the fan system comprises a fan, a motor which regulates the speed of the fan and an air extraction charnel which communicates with the condenser. 
Furthermore, the present invention includes an electronic control device that controls the inlet air volume of the condenser and the pump's running. 
Said control method is to extract condensed water by regulating the inlet air volume of the condenser, without man's extra work. 
The present invention not only solves the problem of extracting condensed water, but also improves the heat change efficiency of the condenser by the condensed water shower circulation system 
A heater for an electrical fireplace comprises a heating element (1) and a blower fan (2), the blower fan (2) being releasably attached to the heating element (1). 
Interacting members (9a1-3, 9a2', 9b1-3, 9bl', 9b3', 14a1-3, 14b1) are provided on the heating element (1) and on the blower fan (2), which members (9a1-3, 9a2', 9b1-3, 9bl', 9b3', 14a1-3, 14b1) are designed to be,,engaged with one another to hold the heating element (1) in position relative the blower fan (2) 
The invention relates to a thin wall stainless-steel pipe with threads ends, the thread ends are formed by a rolling wheel which engages into the pipe, the pipe wall are caused plastic deformation by thread of a die, the thread on the both pipe ends can screw with the thread on the other pipe ends, characterizing is that the pipe wall thick at threaded groove plus the high of thread is larger than the pipe wall thick of the pipe body. 
The invention also relates to a making method of the pipe 
The present invention generally relates to a self-centering energy dissipative brace apparatus. 
A bracing system is often needed to stabilize, strengthen or stiffen structures such as buildings which are subjected to severe or extreme conditions. 
The brace apparatus may be installed in a structure to dissipate input energy and minimize residual deformations related to exceptional loading imposed on the structure by winds, earthquakes, impacts or explosions. 
The apparatus integrates self-centering properties and energy. dissipative capacities which help minimize structural damage 
The invention relates to a device comprising a container (20) which defines a closed area and through which a solid can be transported in a direction of transportation from an inlet (21a; 21b) to an outlet (22a; 22b). The container is divided into three sections (12, 13, 14) in the direction of transportation. 
An essentially solid vapour mixture (12) is contained in a first section, an essentially solid liquid vapour is contained in a second section (13) and an essentially solid vapour liquid is contained in an intermediate section (14). 
A device (27), which is used to guide an essentially non condensable gas into the closed container, is provided on at least one area of the container. 
The invention also relates to a corresponding method and to the use thereof in a device which is used to treat material, in particular to treat waste paper, repulping or shredding 
The invention relates to a rope-like structure (10), particular a core-spun rope, a cord and a rope, wherein the individual fibers, threads, strands and/or cords are provided in the form of longitudinal fibers of a longitudinal fiber structure (40) which are joined to another fiber (50) which extends in a substantially cross-wise manner or at any particular angle in relation to the longitudinal fibers, such that the longitudinal fibers of the longitudinal fiber structure (40) are mutually non-slip and essentially cannot move backwards in relation to each other, wherein the other fibers (50) are untied, at least on one occasion, in relation to the longitudinal fibers and the latter are thus retained thereby 
The present invention discloses the differential expression of the gene coding for MAL2 protein in specific brain regions of Alzheimer's disease patients. 
Based on this finding, the invention provides a method for diagnosing or prognosticating Alzheimer's disease in a subject, or for determining whether a subject is at increased risk of developing Alzheimer's disease. 
Furthermore, this invention provides therapeutic and prophylactic methods for treating or preventing Alzheimer's disease and related neurodegenerative disorders using the MAL2 gene and its corresponding gene products. 
A method of screening for modulating agents of neurodegenerative diseases is also disclosed 
A process for producing a purified, substantially odorless, liquid, medium-chain alkyl modified polydimethylsiloxane without being accompanied by the emission of peculiar (unpleasant) smell, which comprises the step [A] of synthesizing a liquid medium-chain alkyl modified polydimethylsiloxane by hydrosilylation of an alpha-olefin having 4 to 18 carbon atoms with a polydimethylsiloxane having a hydrosilyl group and the step [B] of deodorizing the crude liquid medium-chain alkyl modified polydimethylsiloxane obtained in the step [A] by hydrogenation in the presence of a hydrogenation catalyst 
The invention relates to a method for the production of an ionic compound, comprising at least one cation with a quaternary sp<SUP>2</SUP>-hybridised nitrogen atom, whereby a compound with a double-bonded nitrogen atom is reacted with a dialkyl sulphate, using both alkyl groups of the dialkyl sulphate and the ionic compound thus obtained with sulphate anions is optionally subjected to an ion-exchange 
An alkoxide compound that is represented by the following general formula (I) and is suitable to a raw material for thin film formation for use in a process of thin film formation though compound evaporation, such as CVD process. 
Further, there is provided a raw material for thin film formation comprising the above alkoxide compound. 
Still further, there is provided a process for producing a thin film, comprising vaporizing the above raw material for thin film formation to thereby obtain a vapor containing the alkoxide compound, introducing the vapor onto a substratum, and performing decomposition and/or chemical reaction thereof to thereby form a thin film on the substratum. 
(I) (wherein one of R<1> and R<2> is a C1-C4 alkyl while the other is a hydrogen atom or C1-C4 alkyl; each of R<3> and R<4> is a C1-C4 alkyl; A is a C1-C8 alkanediyl; M is a silicon or hafnium atom; and n is 4) 
The invention relates to a handle (1), provided with a grip (110), in which an axial bore (10) is configured to receive the shaft (3) of tools (2). 
The shaft (3) comprises a continuous annular retaining groove (5), in which a locking pin (14) lies, said pin penetrating the bore (10) in the edge area. 
The locking pin (14) can be deformed in such a way that it comes to rest outside the area of the bore (10), thus releasing the tool (2). 
The inventive handle (1) provides a particularly cost-effective, simple solution, which is in particular suitable for small tools (2) and can be used in precision engineering and in model making 
The invention relates to a shotcrete nozzle for applying wet- or dry-mix shotcrete. Said nozzle has an entry cross-section (4), an adjoining acceleration zone (2), which narrows to a minimum cross-section (5) and leads into an exit zone (3) with a terminal exit cross-section (6). 
The invention is characterised in that the angle of inclination ( alpha ) of the inner wall of the nozzle (2.1) in the acceleration zone (2) is greater at the entry cross-section (4) than at the minimum cross-section (5) 
A sport ball arresting structure may be characterized in one aspect as including an inflatable quadra-pod mounted on a substantially rectangular flexible planar base for placement on the ground. 
The quadra-pod includes four legs formed, when the quadra-pod is inflated, by two criss-crossed inflatable tubes forming a dome. 
The tubes are criss-crossed at a vertex of the quadra-pod. 
Lower ends of the four legs are mounted to the four corners of the base, one lower end per corner. 
A flexible net is mounted within the dome so as to drape completely across the interior of the dome and parallel to an entrance to the structure defined by a front pair of legs and a front edge of the base 
The invention provides catheter for expanding a body passageway leading to a body cavity, such as a cervix leading to a uterus. 
The catheter comprises an inflatable balloon located at the distal end of the catheter. The balloon has an anterior portion and a posterior portion. The anterior portion is inflatable prior to inflation of the posterior portion. 
The invention also provides a system for inflating a body passageway leading to a body cavity comprising the catheter of the invention 
There is provided a use of a compound of formula (I), wherein R<1>, R<2>, R<3 >and R<4> have meanings given in the description, and pharmaceutically-acceptable salts thereof, for the manufacture of a medicament for the treatment of a disease in which inhibition of the activity of a lipoxygenase (e.g. 15-lipoxygenase) is desired and/or required, and particularly in the treatment of inflammation 
Carbohydrate utilization-related and multidrug transporter nucleic acids and polypeptides, and fragments and variants therof, are disclosed in the current invention. 
In addition, carbohydrate utilization-related and multidrug transporter fusion proteins, antigenic peptides, and anti-carbohydrate utilization-related and antimultidrug transporter antibodies are encompassed. 
The invention also provides vectors containing a nucleic acid of the invention and cells into which the vector has been introduced. 
Methods for producing the polypeptides and methods of use for the polypeptides of the invention are further disclosed 
The subject invention provides a method of providing neuroprotection to the central or peripheral nervous system of a subject in need of such neuroprotection comprising periodically administering to the subject an amount of glatiramer acetate and an amount of 2<SUP>-</SUP>amino-6-trifluoromethoxybenzathiazole, wherein the amounts when taken together are effective to provide neuroprotection to the central or peripheral nervous system of the subject. 
The subject invention also provides a package comprising glatiramer acetate, 2-amino-6­triflurormethoxybenzothiazole and instructions for use together to provide neuroprotection to the central or peripheral nervous system of a subject in need of such neuroprotection. 
Additionally, the subject invention provides a pharmaceutical composition comprising an amount of glatiramer acetate and an amount of 2-amino-6-triflurormethoxybenzothiazole, wherein the amounts when taken together are effective to provide neuroprotection to the central or peripheral nervous system of the subject. 
The subject invention further provides a pharmaceutical combination comprising separate dosage forms of an amount of glatiramer acetate and an amount of 2-amino-6 triflurormethoxybenzothiazole, which combination is useful to provide neuroprotection to the central or peripheral nervous system of the subject. 
In addition, the combination therapy may be used to treat a subject afflicted with multiple sclerosis or one afflicted with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 
The present invention relates to a hearing aid, especially a hearing aid with multiple modes of operation and efficient switching between these modes of operation. 
The hearing aid comprises means for performing a first mode of operation, means for performing a second mode of operation, first and second quality measuring means for providing first and second quality measures corresponding to the first and second modes of operation, respectively, and selecting means for automatically selecting one of said first and second modes of operation by applying a predetermined selection criterion to the first and second quality measures, and wherein the selecting means is programmed to select the mode of operation for which the estimated quality measure is largest when the difference between the first and second quality measured exceeds a predetermined threshold value 
The present invention relates to a method and a system for safe pairing of wireless commu-nication medical devices in a situation when multiple servers are within the reach of a client by de-termining and indicating the number of wireless medical devices responding to a node query broad-cast and accordingly establishing a connection with the appropriate medical device 
A probe apparatus (10) for preferably testing packaged circuit chips combines an anisotropic conductive elastomer (ACE) (40) with plunger pins (20) placed in between the ACE and the test contact (9). 
A plunger pin provides a contact end (23) for contacting the test contacts and a back end (22) configured for indenting the ACE. 
The contact end may be configured in conjunction with the test contacts particularities whereas the plunger pins' back ends have a curvature that corresponds to the ACE's deformation behavior in the impinging vicinity such that wear relevant to ACE deformations are kept to a minimum. 
The plunger pins are arrayed in a removable frame (30). 
For contacting ball grid arrays, the plunger pins feature on their front ends self centering interacting concentrically arrayed crown peaks (231) 
The invention relates to solutions of at least one organic semiconductor containing at least one high-molecular constituent, in a solvent mixture of at least three different organic solvents A, B and C. The invention is characterised in that the solvents A and B are good solvents for the organic semiconductor, the solvent C is a bad solvent for the organic semiconductor, and Sdp.(A) < Sdp.(C) < Sdp.(B) holds good for the boiling points (Sdp.) of the solvents. 
The invention also relates to the use of said solutions in printing methods for producing layers of the organic semiconductor on substrates, especially in the electronics industry 
A storage medium storing a multimedia image stream and a text-based subtitle stream, and a reproducing apparatus and a reproducing method therefor are provided to reproduce the text- based subtitle data stream recorded separately from the multimedia image stream such that the subtitle data can be easily produced and edited and a caption can be provided in a plurality of languages . 
The storage medium stores: image data; and text-based subtitle data to display a caption on an image based on the image data, wherein the subtitle data includes: one style information item specifying an output style of the caption; and a plurality of presentation information items that are displaying units of the caption, and the subtitle data is separated and recorded separately from the image data. 
Accordingly, a caption can be provided in a plurality of languages, and can be easily produced and edited, and the output style of caption data can be changed in a variety of ways. 
In addition, part of a caption can be emphasized or a separate style that a user can change can be applied 
The invention relates to an illumination system for a microlithography projection exposure installation, said system comprising a light distribution device (21) generating a two-dimensional intensity distribution from the light from a primary light source, for example a laser, in a first surface (25) of the illumination system. 
A honeycomb condenser (55) comprising a first grid arrangement and a second grid arrangement (40) of optical elements is used as a light mixing device for homogenising the illumination in the illumination field of the illumination system. 
The first grid arrangement (35) consists of first grid elements (36), and the second grid arrangement (40) consists of second grid elements (41). 
The light distribution device comprises at least one diffractive optical element (21) for generating an angular distribution, the Fraunhofer region thereof comprising separate or connected luminous regions that correspond to the shape and size of the first grid elements (36) 
The method and apparatus for determining the conductivity of anisotropic formations surrounding a borehole. 
The method comprises measuring the gradient of the magnetic field by an electromagnetic logging tool in a borehole in the subsurface formation. 
The instrument comprises one or several closely positioned parallel receiver coils and one or several closely positioned parallel transmitter coils with the magnetic moment direction of the transmitter coils paral­lel or different from the magnetic moment direction of the receiver coils. 
In a preferred embodiment a gradient induction instrument consists of a tri-axial transmitter array and up to 27 pairs of re­ceiver coils, measuring some or all magnetic gradient components: formula (I) 
The present invention relates to a micromechanical sensor (1) for detecting a target substante in a liquid or a gas and comprising at least one sensor unit with a capture surface (30) and at least one conducting element (2) of an electrically conducting material with a pair of wires for applying an electrical field over the conducting element. The conducting element comprises at least two divisional units (34) and the conducting element has a larger conductance in one sensor state than in another sensor state due to a change in contact area for electrical conduction between two or more divisional units on deformation from one sensor state to another in response to surface stress arising from a chemical interaction at the capture surface. 
The conducting element may preferably comprise 2-100 divisional units or even more which divisional units may be systemically arranged or randomly ordered e.g. in a non-conductive dispersant material. 
In a preferred embodiment, the sensor is used to detect DNA, and the conducting element (2) contains carbon nanowires 
The present invention relates to a method, a chip, a device, and a system for collection of biological particles. 
The method makes use of electrostatic attraction of biological particles to charged electrodes and preferably operates with gaseous samples. 
The method, chip, device, and system are e.g. useful for collecting pathogenic particles, such as bacterial spores and vira, from air samples and allow for subsequent analysis of the collected biological particles 
There is provided a Doppler type ultrasonic flowmeter (1) for measuring a flow rate of a fluid (10) by using an ultrasonic Doppler shift. 
A pair of ultrasonic transducers (3a, 3b) performs transmission of an ultrasonic wave and reception of an ultrasonic echo obtained by reflection of the ultrasonic wave. 
The transducers (3a, 3b) are arranged symmetrically on the extended line of the measurement line ML performing Doppler shift measurement so as to sandwich a center axis (5) of a pipe (2) in which the fluid (10) flows and to be positioned outside the pipe (2). 
The flow rate distribution for the side opposite to the side where the ultrasonic transducers (3a, 3b) are arranged about the center axis (5) of the pipe (2) is used for calculation of the flow rate of the fluid (10) 
The present invention relates to a method, a kit and a system for sensitive detection of a target nucleic acid molecule. 
The target nucleic acid molecule may e.g. be specific for a certain microorganism, e.g. a pathogenic microorganism such as B. anthracis. 
The methods and kits relate to so-called nested PCR and especially improvements, which renders the nested PCR technique better suited for automated analysis 
The present invention relates to a method, a chip, a device and a system for extraction of biological material form biological cells. 
The invention involves exposing the biological particles to an alternating electric field in a sample chamber and may also involve subsequent analysis of the biological material after the extraction 
An integrated noise suppression acoustic panel includes a back plate, a face plate, and a bulk foam absorber disposed between the back plate and the face plate. 
The bulk foam absorber is formed of a thermoset material, such as bismaleimide or phenolic, and is manufactured using a low pressure process. 
In particular, a foamable material is melted, and a blowing agent is mixed with the foamable material to obtain a mixture. 
The foam is formed and the mixture is cured by heating it to a temperature, and maintaining the mixture at the temperature for a time sufficient to cure the mixture 
Disclosed herein is a composition for etching a polycarbonate film comprising an alkali metal salt and an amine solubilizer. 
Also disclosed is a method for etching polycarbonate films with the etchant and an article containing the etched film. The article is useful for, e.g., flexible circuits and carrier tapes 
The present invention relates to a process for surface treatment of elements comprising a hydraulic binder where the process comprises the following steps: Placing the elements under a pressure lower than the ambient air pressure for a certain period of time; arranging a mist of an impregnating agent immediately around at least part of the element, where the molecular size of the impregnating agent is less than or equal to 0.2µm. Furthermore, the invention also relates to apparatuses for carrying out the process 
The invention relates to a method and to a device for the treatment of organically and/or biologically contaminated water and/or contaminated air by means of an intensive treatment of water and/or air with positive and negative oxygen ions as an oxidation agent, which are produced in an ionizer. 
According to the invention, said aim is achieved by means of a method, wherein; air is suctioned through a filter by means of a blower/compressor, and is swirled in a tubular-shaped ion producer and the oxygen molecules are ionised at a voltage of 2.300 V to 6.400 V and at frequencies of 25 Hz to 580 Hz with a pulse frequency of 4.000 to 16.000 Hz and the air is introduced over a wide area into the medium, which is to be prepared, through a discharge system having electrostatically charged particles and is distributed. The optimal working range is controlled by measuring the ion intensity by means of an ion measuring probe and a control system adapted thereto 
A rapid resin or pitch transfer molding apparatus, and a method of using it. 
The apparatus of this invention comprises: means for melting and conveying a resin or pitch; a mold (3) arranged so that melted resin or pitch is conveyed from the melting and conveying means into an annular mold cavity (1, 35) within an insert (2) in the molding apparatus, wherein said insert comprises means (6, 7, 8, 9, 86) for effecting flow of the resin or pitch from the top (87) and bottom (85) of the mold cavity (1, 35) to vents (22, 25, 81) located in the center of, at the top and/or bottom of, and/or annularly around the mold cavity (1, 35); and means disposed at the mold to constrain the mold during supply of the resin or pitch into the mold 
Disclosed is a catalyst structure (21) which enables to stably obtain a carbon nanotube having a desired shape and a long fiber length at high purity. 
Also disclosed is a method for producing a carbon nanotube (24) using the catalyst structure (21). 
The catalyst structure (21) is used for producing a carbon nanotube by vapor growth of a carbon crystal, and has a crystal growth surface (22) wherein the catalyst material is formed into a ring shape or a spiral shape. 
A method for producing a carbon nanotube (24) uses such a catalyst structure (21). 
The catalyst structure (21) is a columnar body having the crystal growth surface (22) as the upper surface, and at least a part of the lateral surface of the columnar body may preferably be composed of a non-catalytic material which substantially has no catalytic action on growth of the carbon crystal 
The present invention relates to novel compositions comprising human glucagon-like peptide-2 (GLP-2) peptides, pharmaceutical compositions, and uses of these and other GLP-2 compounds, compositions and formulations, including methods of treating gastrointestinal disorders and increasing nutrient absorption therewith 
The present invention relates to a disposable inner bag liner (16) for an ostomy appliance, the inner gab liner being (16) adhered to a release liner (2) prior to attachment to an outer receiving member (20). 
In particular the present invention relates to an alignment means (6) and to gripping means (6) of the release liner (2). 
Additionally the present invention relates to an ostomy appliance comprising the aforementioned inner bag liner with the gripping means (6) and/or the alignment means. 
Finally, the invention relates to a method of application of the inner bag liner (16) 
A magnetic shoe shutter for fixing a shoe constitutes at least one pair (1, 2) of two elements having magnetic connection. 
The elements in each pair are located in a distance between each other, and adapted in such a way that magnetic attractive power between the elements always occurs. 
Expedient are the elements located on the upper side of the shoes, at the place where the holes for the shoes lace are normally located. 
The invention is advantageous in that a user of the shoes is able to take off or on the shoes without using the hand/hands, which is beneficial for example for handicapped users. 
Moreover it is advantageous that the power a user shall provide when tighten the shoe will not be weakened after repeated use 
A parametric sound system for creating an acoustical column along an axis of propagation having a quiet zone an audible zone is disclosed. 
The system comprises a parametric electro-acoustic emitter 300, 320, 350, 500, 520, 540, 580, 750 configured for emitting a plurality of focalized parametric ultrasonic waves. 
A plurality of decoupled acoustic waves are maximized at a focalizing area 310, 593 within the audible zone 1142. 
The system also includes a signal source 306a-g for applying a parametric ultrasonic signal to the parametric electroacoustic emitter 300, 320, 350, 500, 520, 540, 580, 750. 
The signal includes an ultrasonic carrier signal and one or more sideband signals corresponding to an audio input signal. 
The system further comprises a signal processor 232, 242 for controlling phases of the parametric ultrasonic signal so that the plurality of focalized parametric ultrasonic waves emitted by the parametric electro-acoustic emitter 300, 320, 350, 500, 520, 540, 580, 750 will create a quiet zone 1144 along the same direction of propagation as the audible zone 1142. 
The plurality of decoupled audio waves are substantially in phase within the audible zone 1142 while the plurality of decoupled audio waves are largely out-of-phase within the quiet zone 1144 
Method and device for emissive display using shielded or partially shielded sensors. Emissive pixel display device characterized in that photon sensors (S1) are disposed within pixels and operated to sense photons emitted by emitter within pixel and ambient photons emitted by sources outside pixel, sensed internally emitted photons being for luminance feedback control and sensed ambient photons being used to detect external light source or sources 
A recording medium and method and apparatus for reproducing and recording text subtitle streams are disclosed. 
A PlayList file contains a set of PlayItems and a SubPlayItem. 
Each PlayItem is configured to reproduce at least one main AV stream, and the SubPlayItem is configured to reproduce at least one text subtitle stream. 
The PlayList file further contains synchronization information which indicates a presentation start time of the SubPlayItem within a playing time interval of one of the set of PlayItems. 
The PlayList file, main AV stream, and text subtitle streams are recorded on a recording medium. 
Each text subtitle stream includes a plurality of dialog presentation segments, each of which includes at least one region of dialog text 
An optical signal optical path switching method comprising steps of using a thermal lens based on a distribution of refractive index produced reversibly caused by temperature increase generated in an area of the light-absorbing layer film of thermal lens forming devices 1, 2 and 3, that has absorbed control light beams 121, 122 and 123, and in the periphery thereof, causing the converged signal light beam to exit from the thermal lens forming device with an ordinary divergence angle when the control light beams 121, 122 and 123 have not been irradiated and no thermal lens has been formed, and causing the converged signal light beam to exit from the thermal lens forming device with a divergence angle larger than the ordinary divergence angle when the control light beams have been irradiated and a thermal lens has been formed, and causing the signal light beam to travel straight through holes 61, 62 and 63 of mirrors provided with the holes for the signal light beam to pass through when the control light beams have not been irradiated and no thermal lens has been formed, and changing the optical path by reflecting the signal light beam using the hole-provided mirror when the control light beams have been irradiated and a thermal lens has been formed 
If a total number of specific RF tags is too large, many RF tags respond at a time. 
Therefore a problem occurs that an interrogator cannot receive information from the RF tags. 
A first invention relates to an RF tag. 
The RF tag includes an interrogator signal receiving section for receiving an interrogator signal from an interrogator, a synchronizing signal generating section for generating a synchronizing signal from the received interrogator signal, a response information obtaining section for obtaining response information according to the interrogator signal, a spread-code modulating section for modulating the response information with a spreading code and obtaining the spread-code modulated response information, and a transmitting section for transmitting the response signal that contains the spread-code modulated response information in a data area at a random transmission interval in synchronism with the synchronizing signal 
A PWM inverter in which a high surge voltage is prevented from being applied between the terminals of a switching element by preventing multiple phase simultaneous switching. 
A simultaneous switching preventing circuit (100), comprising a plurality of input means receiving a polyphase control signal from a PWM signal generating circuit as an input signal, a shielding pulse generating means generating a pulse for shielding the rising of input signals of other phases in respective specified periods depending on the rising of the input signal of each phase, a shielding signal forming means outputting a signal having a shielding period equal to the logical sum of a plurality of shielding pulses from the shielding pulse generating circuits of other phases, a signal shielding means receiving an input signal of one phase and outputting a signal having a rising delayed up to the end of the shielding period of an output signal from the shielding signal forming means, and a plurality of output means for delivering the output signal from the signal shielding means to the outside, is inserted between a gate drive circuit (3) and a three-phase PWM signal generating circuit (1) 
An exposure device capable of properly discharging collected liquid; a liquid treating method; an exposure method using the liquid treating method; and a device production method using the exposure device. 
The exposure device (EX) is a liquid immersion type exposure device for exposing to light a substrate (P) through a liquid (W) fed onto the substrate, having two collection tanks (41, 42) for collecting the liquid (W). 
A control device (CS) controls valves (45, 46) in synchronism with the operation of the exposure device (EX) to switch the collection tanks (41, 42) and to discharge the liquid (W) stored in that collection tank of the collection tanks (41, 42) which is not in communication with the collection nozzle (36) in synchronism with the operation of the exposure device 
A process for fabricating a chip resistor capable of forming an end face electrode easily with high accuracy even if the overall dimensions are reduced, comprising a step for forming surface and rear surface electrodes (14, 18) corresponding to individual chip areas, a resistor (13) and a protective film (17) collectively on a large-size substrate (12A), a step for applying an upper protective layer (23) and a lower protective layer (24) to the surface and rear surface of the large-size substrate (12A), and a step for securing the large-size substrate (12A) onto a supporting base (25) through the lower protective layer (24). 
The process further comprises a step for making a plurality of primary slits (26) in parallel with each other in the large size substrate (12A) by dicing, a step for forming an end face electrode (19) bridging the surface electrode (14) exposed in the primary slit (26) and the end face of the rear surface electrode (18) by sputtering, a step for making a plurality of secondary slits (29) intersecting the primary slits (26) perpendicularly by dicing, a step for subdividing the large-size substrate (12A) into multiple chip units (30), a step for stripping from the supporting base(25) each chip unit (30) by cleaning the upper protective layer (23) and a lower protective layer (24), and a step for forming a plating layer (22) on the underlying electrode layer of each chip unit (30) to obtain a completed product of a chip resistor (11) 
There is provided a system including a structuralizing HTML generation system having a Make robot for actually generating an optimal link system and generating an optimal page configuration. 
The system automatically causes a structuralizing HTML generation system to operate so as to realize an optimal SEO according to the analysis content based on the tracking result of a transaction with outside, generates an HTML content group structured optimally, and returns it to an external commerce display server, thereby enabling display of an optimal HTML structuralizing Web site at an external commerce server 
A negative radiation-sensitive bilayer laminated film for bump formation, characterized in that a composition comprising polymer (A) with specified structural unit and organic solvent (B) is used as an underlayer of the bilayer laminated film for bump formation; and a method of bump formation with the use of the laminated film. 
Thus, there is provided a negative radiation-sensitive bilayer laminated film for bump formation that excels in solder paste printability and pattern configuration and that can be easily detached from substrates, and further provided a method of bump production therewith 
An oxygen sensor comprising a cell unit is characterized in that the cell unit comprises a positive electrode, a negative electrode, an electrolyte solution and an oxygen permeable membrane, and the positive electrode contains a metal which is effective for electrochemical reduction of oxygen while the negative electrode contains at least one of zinc and aluminum 
The invention relates to a method for monitoring the particle concentration in a gas flow, especially of soot particles in the exhaust gas flow of an internal combustion engine. 
According to this method, a sensor is located in the gas flow and collects particles in an area that is configured as the starter gap for sliding discharges. 
Said sensor is integrated as a capacitor element into an electromagnetic resonant circuit. 
Said resonant circuit is exited with an alternating voltage in such a manner that the voltage on the sensor soars to a striking voltage igniting the sliding discharge. 
A variable for the striking voltage when the sensor is not charged is determined as the reference value. 
The change in that variable caused by the particle charge as compared to the reference value is determined. 
The invention also relates to a device for carrying out the inventive method. Said device is provided with a sensor that is located in the gas flow and that is integrated into an electromagnetic resonant circuit which is excited with an alternating voltage. 
Said sensor has a non-conducting base and two spaced-apart electrodes which face each other. Said electrodes define a particle-collecting starter gap for sliding discharges 
A spiral reinforced hose, wherein a plurality of drawn monofilaments (2) are arranged parallel with each other in the axial direction of the hose and spirally wound at equal pitches, whereby since pitches (S) between the drawn monofilaments (2) and (2) are narrowed, even if the wire diameters of the filaments are reduced, pressure resistance at these reduced portions is not lowered. 
Accordingly, the drawn monofilaments with small wire diameters can be used. 
The use of the drawn monofilaments with small wire diameters is allowed 
The invention relates to a planetary gear train comprising planetary gears (8) which are rotatably mounted on a planet carrier (18) and whose teeth engage with an internally toothed ring gear (14) and a sun gear (4). 
In order to be able to adjust the backlash of the planetary gears (8) in a simplified, process-safe, and inexpensive manner without axially displacing the sun gear (4), the ring gear (14) and the planetary gears (8) are embodied conically, the planetary gear shafts (16) are retained in the planet carrier (18) at an inclined angle (alpha), the planetary gears (8) are arranged so as to be axially movable on the planetary gear shafts (16) assigned thereto, and the position of the planetary gears (8) within the planetary gear train can be adjusted for adjusting the backlash with the aid of adjusting means. 
An exhaust heat energy recovery device for an internal combustion engine capable of efficiently recovering exhaust heat energy without increasing the exhaust back pressure of the internal combustion engine and a Brayton cycle device usable for the exhaust heat energy recovery device. 
The Brayton cycle device (1) comprises a scroll compressor (4) and a scroll expansion machine (6). 
Accordingly, the structure of the Brayton cycle device (1) can be simplified and formed compact. 
A working fluid is compressed by the scroll compressor (4) in the state of being divided and sealed by the combination of a fixed scroll with a turning scroll, and expanded by the scroll expansion machine (6). 
Therefore, the device has an excellent conversion efficiency for converting heat energy to kinetic energy. 
Also, heat is transferred from exhaust gas to the working fluid through the tube wall of a flow passage (30a) and the expansion machine case (12) of the scroll expansion machine (6) for heat exchange. 
As a result, the Brayton cycle device (1) can be further reduced in size without affecting the back pressure of an energy source such as the exhaust gas 
Preventive or therapeutic agents for severe diabetic retinopathy containing as the active ingredient hydantoin derivatives represented by the general formula (I), which agents are useful mainly as inhibitors against the evolution into nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy and/or proliferative diabetic retinopathy or inhibitors against the progression of nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy and/or proliferative diabetic retinopathy: (I) wherein X is halogeno or hydrogen; and R<1> and R<2> may be the same or different and are each hydrogen or optionally substituted C1-6 alkyl, or R<1>, R<2> and the nitrogen atom optionally together with an additional nitrogen or oxygen atom may form a 5- or 6-membered heterocycle 
Preventive or therapeutic agents for hyperuricemia and/or gout which little produce adverse effect, containing as the active ingredient substances having both dibenzo[b,f]thiepin or dibenzo[b,f]oxepin skeletons and antioxidant substituents such as hydroxyl, for example, compounds represented by the general formula [1], optical isomers or conjugates thereof, or pharmaceutically acceptable salts of them: wherein X is CH2 or the like; Y is CH, C=O, or the like; Z is O, SO2, or the like; and R1 to R8 are each independently hydrogen, an aromatic ring, or the like, with the proviso that at least one of R1 to R8 is hydroxy 
The invention relates to a mattress comprising a gridded frame, wherein bearing elements which are distanced from each other are arranged in a sprung manner by means of spring bearings on the carriers of said gridded bars, wherein the spring bearings comprise a leg point and a spring body, also comprising a spring bearing, used more particularly in a mattress. 
The aim of the invention is to increase the stability of the individual bearing elements, to simplify production and mounting, and to reduce folding noise in the clicking areas of the pivotable sections of the mattress. 
According to the invention, the bearing elements are springly supported by at least two spring bearings which are placed in opposite lying edges of the respective bearing elements. 
According to a preferred embodiment, the spring bearing comprises two curved spring arms which are respectively disposed n the edge areas of adjacent bearing elements 
[PROBLEMS] To provide water-containing chocolates produced by kneading chocolates together with water or an aqueous material, which little harden immediately after the production or during storage with the passage of time, or which contain an increased amount of such a material that inherently has a favorable taste but can be used only in a limited amount because of easily hardening; and chocolates usable as starting materials thereof. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] Water-containing chocolates produced by kneading chocolates having a lecithin content of 0.2% by weight or less (i.e., being smaller than the content in usual chocolates) or preferably containing little lecithin, together with water or an aqueous material, or water-containing chocolates containing 0.2% by weight or less, or preferably containing little lecithin would scarcely harden with the passage of time 
A method and apparatus for overwriting data in a recording medium, such as a Blu-ray disc write-once (BD-WO), are disclosed. 
The method includes when receiving a plurality of data record commands for a previously recorded area within the recording medium, replacement recording the received data for each record command on a non-recorded area within the recording medium, and when the plurality of record commands occur in a continuous area within the recording medium, the data is recorded on a management area within the recording medium as a management information for the plurality of record commands 
A feedback information separating section (105) takes out information indicative of an eigenvector, eigen values, and the number of effective eigen values, i.e. the number of eigen values larger than a specified threshold value included in the feedback information sent from the communication party. 
A section (151) for controlling the number of multiplex sequences determines the number of multiplex sequences (number of transmission streams) of transmission data based on the number of effective eigen values, and performs serial/parallel conversion of a sequence of transmission data into the number of sequences thus determined. 
Quality can be enhanced in a communication system employing MIMO 
The present invention relates to voltage stabilization of electrical power networks, and in particular to a method for voltage stabilization of an electrical power network system comprising a producing power network system side and a consuming power network side to maintain voltage, wherein the power transfer YLD, wherein YLD is power load impedance, is dynamically maintained below the loci for maximum power transfer, n<2>YLDZLN = 1, wherein YLD is power load impedance, ZLN is transmission line impedance and n is transformer ratio, preferably YLD is maintained at a stable equilibrium 
Disclosed is a radiometric gauge which can be installed and operated inexpensively and is to be mounted on a container (3) that can be filled with a filling material (1). 
Said gauge comprises a radioactive emitter (5) which emits radioactive radiation through the container (3) during operation, at least two detectors (Di) that absorb radiation penetrating the container (3) and generate an electrical pulse rate (Ni) corresponding to the absorbed radiation. 
The detectors (Di) are interconnected by means of a single wire that extends outside the detectors (Di) while being connected to a higher-level unit (23) via which pulse rates (Ni) and the status of the detectors (Di) are transmitted, said status being transmitted in the form of offsets (Oi) 
In a apparatus for conversion of a rotation movement into back-and-forward direction-changing rotation movements, a nut (13) formed from two split nuts (14, 15) is provided that is arranged on a rotatably mounted threaded spindle (11), where the two split nuts (14, 15) form between them an annular chamber open to the threaded spindle (11) and to which is supplied a liquid lubricant 
A capacitive sensor for a coil-on plug ignition testing apparatus includes a first portion of the capacitive sensor and a second portion of the capacitive sensor, at least one of which has a substantially planar base, and each of which has one or more engagement members projecting downwardly therefrom. 
One of or both of the first portion and the second portion may be a capacitive element forming a part of the capacitive sensor. 
The second portion is connected, and is configured to slide relative, to the first portion. 
A biasing element is disposed between the first and second portions to bias the first portion toward the second portion and to maintain the first portion and second portion in a compressed state. 
The first portion may be translated relative to the second portion against a bias of the biasing element, to an extended state for securing to a coil-on plug housing. 
An electrical connector electrically connects the first portion and/or the second portion forming a capacitive element to an output terminal 
The present invention provides therapeutically active compounds which are xanthine derivatives, processes for the manufacture of said derivatives, pharmaceutical formulations containing the active compounds and the use of the compounds in therapy, particularly in the treatment of diseases where under-activation of the HM74A receptor contributes to the disease or where activation of the receptor will be beneficial, having the formula (II): wherein R<SUP>1</SUP> is selected from: hydrogen and C<SUB>1-4</SUB> alkyl which may be optionally substituted with one or more groups selected from CN and CF<SUB>3</SUB>, R<SUP>2</SUP> is selected from: C<SUB>2-10</SUB> unsubstituted alkyl, C<SUB>1-10</SUB> alkyl substituted with one or more groups selected from fluorine and CN, C<SUB>5</SUB> alkenyl, unbranched C<SUB>4</SUB> alkenyl, and C<SUB>1-4</SUB> alkyl substituted with cycloalkyl, and R<SUP>3</SUP> is selected from halogen and CN 
The present invention relates to a class of melanocortin MCR4 agonists of general formula (I) wherein R', R<2>, R<3>, R<4> and R<5> are as defined herein and especially to selective MCR4 agonist compounds, tot heir use in medicine, to compositions containing them, to processes for their preparation and to intermediates used in such processes 
This invention discloses a novel stable crystal form of imatinib mesylate, designated by us as alpha2 Form, which is stable at room temperature and even at higher temperatures upto 120 °C and accelerated stress conditions and, freely soluble in water. 
This invention also discloses a pharmaceutical composition containing the novel stable alpha2 form of Imatinib mesylate and other usually employed excipients, useful in the treatment of Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia (CML). 
This new alpha2 Form of imatinib mesylate is prepared by slurrying Imatinib base in isopropanol at room temperature followed by addition of methane sulfonic acid and maintaining 50-60 °C followed by filtration. 
This invention also discloses another process for the preparation of the novel, stable alpha2 crystalline form of Imatinib Mesylate by the conversion of Imatinib mesylate beta-polymorphic modification by suspending it in water and organic solvents, distilling off water azeotropically, cooling and filtering to obtain the alpha2 crystal form 
The subject of industrial design is boat mooring hook designed for all kind of vessels, especially for mooring of yachts, sail or motor boats. 
Mooring hook has a form of pole having its working part consist of head body (1) with catch hook (2), mooring line ear (3) and hook blocking element (4). Recommended material of head body is light metal. 
Second part of mooring hook is detachable from the head (1) grip part in form of pole (11), equipped with control rod (7) and control handle (12). 
Connection stability of working part (1) with grip pole (11) is ensured by properly designed shape of internal part of working part head (1) and outer shape of grip pole end (11), snap fastener (10) with spring (9), grip-pole is finished with hand-grip 
A hull for cargo-ships, particularly for the transport of oil and chemicals, containers, cars or the like. 
The hull is composed of mutually connected, parallel and tube-shaped elements, forming cargo compartments, arranged in the longitudinal direction of the hull, and enclosed in and connected to an outer hull to form a generally box-shaped structure having an essentially rectangular cross section, and being at both ends adapted for optional dismountable connection of a stern part and a stem part, respectively. 
The outer hull is preferably composed of an inner plate and an outer plate with an intermediate cellular plastic material glued to both plates 
A method comprises forming a preform (51) of plastic matter, expanding said preform (51) to obtain a container (4), said forming comprising compression-forming said preform (51) in that mould means (2) in which said expanding occurs; a method comprises expanding a preform (51) in mould means (2) to obtain a container (4), before said expanding it being provided to form a dose of plastic material (55) in a paste state in said mould means (2) to obtain said preform (51); an apparatus comprises forming mould means (2), punch means (40) for expanding a preform (51) in said mould means (2), abutting means (30) cooperating with said punch means (40), said punch means (40) and said abutting means (30) identifying a configuration in which said punch means (40) and said abutting means (30) cooperate to define a forming unit for compression­forming a semifinished product of plastic material (50; 53; 55) to obtain said preform (51) and a further configuration in which said punch means (40) and said abutting means (30) cooperate to define an expansion unit of said preform to obtain a container 
The invention refers to a method and a machine for manufacture of rollers, and particularly rollers for use in roller bearings, incorporating in combination: advancing a material strand (2) into a rolling gap provided in the axial direction between at least two aligned, rotatable rolls (5, 6, 6'), at least one of which is driven to rotate, allowing the material strand (2) to be shaped into a consecutive series of roller blanks (8) by passing through the rolling gap, which is defined by a substantial helical profile pattern (7) in each one of the rolls (5, 6, 6') parting off individual roller blanks (10) from the continuous series of roller blanks (8) after the passage through the rolling gap, and passing the individual roller blanks to subsequent finishing treatment 
In a cyclohexane oxidation reactor being a multi-sectional horizontal vessel having pipe distributors of gas consisting of drilled arc-shaped pipe elements (1) and single directional baffles (2) placed between those elements, the ratio of the distance (L) between the elements to the pipe diameter (D) is in the range from 2 to 4, the directional baffles (2) have the shape of a segment of a circle with vertically cut ends and their lower, semicircular edges are located in such a way that they fit to end view of the arc-shaped pipe element (1), and the ratio of the baffle (2) height (H) to the arrow (h) of the arc-shaped element (1) is in the range from 0.5 to 1.25 
The invention relates to a suction nozzle for a vacuum cleaner, that can be connected to a suction pipe and/or a suction tube of the vacuum cleaner. 
Said suction nozzle (2) comprises a nozzle part that can be connected to the suction pipe or the suction tube of the vacuum cleaner by means of a tubular connection part (2.2). 
A dust sensor (11) is arranged in the flow path of the vacuum cleaner, the signals thereof being evaluated by a battery-operated electronic control device that can be activated by a low-pressure switch. 
During operation, said control device controls a display device (9,16) displaying the dust flow. 
The control device, the low-pressure switch, the display elements (9,16) displaying the dust flow, and a battery compartment (8) for receiving the batteries are arranged in a housing (7) formed on the upper side of the tubular connection part (2.2). 
The dust sensor is arranged beneath the housing (7), inside the upper region of the connection part (2.2), in the dust air stream. 
Said arrangement can be used to create an easily visible ergonomically favourable dust flow display. 
A mounting position that is advantageous in terms of flow is also provided for the dust sensor. 
Fine dust particles can still not be reliably detected with the piezoelectric sensor, enabling the degree of purity to be monitored in an actively functional manner 
This invention relates to a vacuum cleaner (6) comprising an easily mountable and demountable cyclone unit (7), placed inside the cleaner, which can be cleaned and incorporates a cyclone generator (12) that moves the air sucked in by means of its form 
This invention relates to a robot vacuum cleaner (1) and a control method thereof which comprises a body (2), a power supply, one or more wheels (7) attached to the body (2), which facilitate the movement of the body (2), one or more motors used to move the wheels (7) by utilizing the energy obtained from the power supply, one or more ultrasonic sensors (4) positioned onto the body (2), sensing different quantities of entities, one or more infrared sensors (5), one or more touch sensors (6) which consist of switches detecting a contact, a control unit which controls the motor with respect to the information obtained through the said sensors (4, 5, 6), a bumper (3) which moves towards the body (2) at an instant of contact 
In a first aspect, the invention relates to a piece of freez­ing furniture comprising a storage space (3), intended for products to be frozen, and a primary air duct (4), which partly surrounds said storage space (3) and which comprises a suction duct (11), having an inlet (12) that mouths at one side of the opening (13) of the storage space (3), as well as a rising duct (14), having an outlet (15) that mouths at the opposite side of said opening (13), and a temperature-change unit (36), which is located in the primary air duct (4) and separates the suction duct (11) from the rising duct (14) and includes a fan (16), a heating element (17) and a cooling ele­ment (18), wherein, in normal operation, cooled air flows from the temperature-change unit (36) via the rising duct (14), over and past said opening (13), through the suction duct (11) and back to the temperature-change unit (36). 
In a second aspect, the invention also relates to an insert for such a piece of freezing furniture 
The balloon catheter comprises a radially expansible, polymeric balloon having one or more permanent helical fold lines so that the balloon can be spirally folded upon delivery of the catheter to or removal from a vessel. 
A scoring structure may be carried over the balloon in between the folds to score a stenosed region in a blood vessel. 
Fabrication devices and methods for spirally folding the balloon are also disclosed 
The flowbore fluid temperature control system also comprises an actuator that adjusts the valve mechanism. The flowbore fluid temperature control system also comprises an operating system that operates the actuator and controls the flowbore fluid pressure. 
The flowbore fluid temperature control system selectively controls the temperature of the flowbore fluid by adjusting the flow of the fluid through the flowbore. 
The control system controls the actuator and also controls the flowbore fluid pressure to affect the temperature of the flowbore fluid 
[PROBLEMS] To provide a distribution request control method and the like, by which a communication service provider can perform data signal distribution, while maintaining high reliability. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] A maximum distributable number is discretionary set to a request for distribution of signals, including data of contents, to one or a plurality of contents providing servers (31) provided on a communication network (30), from a mobile communication network (10). 
A request control unit requests a contents distribution server to distribute signals within a range of the maximum distributable number 
A technique enabling permanent magnets constituting the field of an IPM rotating electric machine to be embedded in a rotor core in a shallower depth. 
The IPM rotating electric machine includes a stator and a rotor. 
The rotor has a rotor core and permanent magnets forming the field. 
The rotor core has a side face facing the stator, and the permanent magnets are shallowly embedded in the rotor core such that the distance between its magnetic pole face and the side face of the rotor is reduced. 
Furthermore, two adjacent permanent magnets are positively separated to satisfy the relation of 0.3<(Lq-Ld)/Ld, where Lq is the q-axis inductance and Ld is the d-axis inductance of the rotor 
[PROBLEMS] To provide a small-size module with a built-in part comprising an external terminal electrode which has a sufficient area and is stably fabricated and excellent in mountability. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] A module with a built-in part is produced by providing a cavity (4) in the mounting surface of a ceramic multilayer substrate (1), installing a circuit part (6) in the cavity, and performing resin-molding. 
On the mounting surface of the ceramic multilayer substrate (1), a second resin section (20) continuously covering a frame section (5) and a first resin section (15) molded together with the frame section (5) is provided, and an external terminal electrode (21) is provided on the outer surface of the second resin section (20) 
A circuit pattern having a size finer than a half of a wavelength of an exposure beam is transferred on a semiconductor wafer plane with an excellent accuracy by means of a mask whereupon an integrated circuit pattern is formed and a reduction projection aligner. 
The accuracy of transferring the circuit pattern on the semiconductor wafer is improved by synergic effects of super-resolution exposure, wherein a mask cover made of a transparent medium is provided on a pattern side of the integrated circuit mask so as to suppress the aberration of reduction projection alignment, and a method of increasing the number of actual apertures of the optical reduction projection lens system provided with the wafer cover made of the transparent medium on a photoresist side of the semiconductor wafer to which planarizing process is performed 
An arrangement (10) and method provides energy consumption estimates of a multiple component electrical system controlled by a processor. 
The arrangement includes a component model (14, 16, 18, 20, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40, 42, 44) corresponding to each component of the system. 
Each component model includes an energy consumption value for each one of a plurality of operating modes of its corresponding component. 
The operation of the system is then simulated on an operating cycle by operating cycle basis. 
A mode detector (58) determines the operating mode of each system component during each cycle of the simulated operation and an energy consumption evaluator (60) determines energy consumption of each component for each operating cycle. 
An accumulator then determines a total energy consumption of all of the system components (66) 
We have reduced the critical dimension bias for reticle fabrication. 
Pattern transfer to the radiation-blocking layer of the reticle substrate essentially depends upon use of a hard mask to which the pattern is transferred from a photoresist. 
The photoresist pull back which occurs during pattern transfer to the hard mask is minimalized. 
In addition, a hard mask material having anti-reflective properties which are matched to the reflective characteristics of the radiation-blocking layer enables a reduction in critical dimension size and an improvement in the pattern feature integrity in the hard mask itself. 
An anti-reflective hard mask layer left on the radiation-blocking layer provides functionality when the reticle is used in a semiconductor device manufacturing process 
In a case of determining a breakdown caused by aged deterioration or the like of a logic circuit (11) included in a semiconductor integrated circuit, a generator circuit (12) is provided which is configured by use of a different logic than the logic circuit (11). 
The generator circuit (12) generates an abnormality/normality determination reference (S) for a predetermined output signal (out) developed by the logic circuit (11). 
The generator circuit (12) is configured, by using only a part of the logic of the logic circuit (11) or using a completely different logic than the logic of the logic circuit (11) so that the generator circuit (12) has a smaller circuit size than the logic circuit (11), to generate the determination reference (S). 
A determination circuit (13) compares the determination reference (S) from the generator circuit (12) with the output signal (out) from the logic circuit (11) 
There has been required a reagent for judging the occurrence or non-occurrence of the onset of an HTLV-1-associated disease and the onset of superinfection with an infections disease other than HTLV-1 in an avirulent HTLV-1 carrier. 
It is intended to provide an assay method and an assay reagent for anti-gp46-197 antibody; and the above reagent to be used in judging the occurrence or non-occurrence of the onset of an HTLV-1-associated disease and the onset of superinfection with an infections disease other than HTLV-1 in an avirulent HTLV-1 carrier. 
It is also intended to provide a kit for judging the occurrence or non-occurrence of the onset of an HTLV-1-associated disease and the onset of superinfection with an infections disease other than HTLV-1 in an avirulent HTLV-1 carrier which comprises a reagent for assaying anti-gp46-197 antibody combined with a known assay reagent for an antibody binding to HTLV-1. 
It is further intended to provide a diagnostic for an HTLV-1-associated disease and a method of judging the onset thereof by which the presence or absence of anti-gp46-197 antibody is examined, and a diagnostic for the superinfection with an infections disease other than HTLV-1 in an avirulent HTLV-1 carrier and a method of judging the occurrence or non-occurrence of the onset thereof. 
Moreover, it is intended to provide a solid phase to be used in assaying anti-gp46-197 antibody 
The invention relates to an increment charge (4) to be placed around a tail shaft of a fin-stabilized mortar projectile (1), the increment charge (4) having a centrally located space for the tail shaft and a mounting opening in the space for mounting the increment charge (4). 
On the opposite side of the increment charge (4) there is provided a protrusion that fits into the mounting opening of an adjacent increment charge (4) for locking them in relation to each other 
A device in connection with supply air ventilation, especially in connection with cooling baffles, comprises openings through which supply air flows in use. 
The device further comprises two duct portions (1, 2) whose mutual contact portions define said openings 
A surface-treating agent improved in heat resistance, adhesion to resins, and wettability by solder. 
The surface-treating agent for metals is characterized by containing a tetrazole derivative represented by the following general formula and/or a salt thereof. 
[Chemical formula 1] (1) (In the formula, R1 and R2 each independently represents hydrogen, halogeno, or C10 or lower alkyl or aryl optionally having halogeno, hydroxy, carboxy, amino, or mercapto added thereto, or represents amino, mercapto, hydroxy, or carboxy; and R3 represents a bond or C10 or lower alkylene optionally having halogeno, hydroxy, carboxy, amino, mercapto, azo (-N=N-), sulfido (-S-), or disulfido (-S-S-) added thereto, or represents azo, sulfido, or disulfido.) 
The surface-treating agent may contain a metal or metal compound 
The invention refers to a method of antigenic peptide identification and to the relative use for the preparation of a specific vaccine against HIV-1 for the populations of sub-Saharan Africa 
The invention relates to the use of a precipitated silica, pretreated by at least one organosilane hydrophobing compound or one hydrophobing silicone oil, as a reinforcing filler for silicone elastomer, the said pretreated silica being incorporated in the silicone elastomer by cold mixing and having the following features : - a BET specific surface ranging from 50 to 450 m²/g, - a water wettability lower than 80, - a sulfur content lower than 0.1 % by weight. 
The invention is directed to the curable silicone elastomer composition thus obtained 
The present invention discloses a method for supporting a transition metal complex and the resulting supported catalyst component which is characterised in that the metallic sites are kept away from one another and kept away from the surface of the support 
Perfluoropolyether benzotriazole compounds and compositions containing perfluoropolyether benzotriazole compounds are provided. 
The perfluoropolyether benzotriazole compounds can be attached to a substrate having a metal or metal oxide-containing surface to provide at least one of the following characteristics: anti-soiling, anti-staining, ease of cleaning, repellency, hydrophobicity, or oleophobicity 
A conductive porous material (1) comprising a substrate (2) having a sintered body of an oxide, communication holes (3) of very small diameter formed in the substrate (2) and exhibiting permeability to gas and impermeability to other substances, and conductive layers (4) formed on the inner walls of the communication holes (3) and generating heat as a current flows there through. 
Organic matters deposit to the inner walls of the communication holes (3) while the conductive material (1) is being used but the organic matters are decomposed and removed by heating the conductive layers (4). 
Consequently, clogging of the communication holes is prevented 
A vehicle rim includes a rim body and a safety rim. 
The rim body includes a hub and a tire locking frame coaxially mounted with the hub, wherein the tire locking frame has an outer circumferential wall and two locking flanges radially extended from two side edges of the outer circumferential wall for substantially interlocking with two beads of the wheel tire respectively. 
The safety rim, having a running surface, is radially and outwardly extended from the rim body, wherein a circumference of said safety rim is larger than a circumference of each of the locking flanges of the tire locking frame and is smaller than a circumference of the tread of the wheel tire, such that the safety rim functions as a safety wheel to support the rim body for running the running surface on the road surface when the wheel tire is popped out from the rim body 
A liquid ejection head includes therein a movable member, wherein the movable member is formed of lamination of at least three layers, at least one layer thereof having a free edge part covered with another layer 
A mold marking device (1) is capable of easily lending itself to the thickness of a mold and keeping down the cost. 
The mold marking device (1) is adapted to be insertion-wise installed in a mold for marking a predetermined indication on a molded article molded in a cavity, and includes a marking body (2) having an engraving section for the indication purposes in the cavity-side front end surface, wherein the device (1) comprises a base member (4) removably connected to the tail end of the marking body (2), a flange (42) disposed in the tail end of the base member (4) and adapted to abut against the outer surface of the mold to control the insertion depth with respect to the mold, the length of the base member (4) being set such that the front end surface of the marking body (2) is flush with the inner surface of the mold on the cavity side 
The present invention relates to a method and system for design and routing in telecommunications networks having transparent elements such as photonic switches. 
Transparent optical networks transmit signals optically, performing both switching and amplification photonically. 
As a result, transparent networks may be more economical than conventional "opaque" optical networks that convert signals to electronic form at each network node because they do not require as much equipment for performing optical­-electrical conversion. 
However, transparent networks pose new operational challenges. 
Physical-layer impairments that are repaired by optical-electrical-optical (OEO) regeneration can accumulate along (transparent) connection paths. 
To effectively deploy and utilize transparency, mechanisms to assure that impairment-feasible paths exist and can be identified in the network are required. 
The present invention provides: 1) a method for locating OEO-­regeneration capability to assure the existence of impairment-feasible paths in a network and 2) a method for identifying impairment-feasible connection paths in a network of transparent and OEO-capable nodes. 
The first is a method related to network design, which models the design problem as a variation of a connected dominating set problem. 
The second is a method related to network routing, which transforms the impairment-aware routing problem into a shortest-path problem in an expanded network. 
The design methodology of the present invention employs both domination and connectability concepts to enable sparser placement of OEO regeneration capability within networks. 
Further, the routing methodology of the present invention provides a mechanism for finding feasible routes with respect to impairment constraints while minimizing the use of OEO interfaces to assure such feasibility 
Method and apparatus for providing a turbofan blade (40) adapted to initiate and control a boundary layer transition at a side surface of the blade (40) during operation as a component in a turbofan assembly (35). 
The turbofan blade (40) includes a leading edge (55), a trailing edge (58), and two side surfaces including a high-pressure side surface (49) and a low-pressure side surface (52). 
At least one of the two side surfaces has an essentially smooth surface portion (61) located between the leading and trailing edges, and the essentially smooth surface portion is interrupted by a surface deviation (64). 
The surface deviation is configured to fix a positionally unstable laminar to turbulent boundary layer transition (24) at a location toward the trailing edge from the surface deviation during operation of the turbofan blade in the turbofan assembly. 
In this manner, fatigue inducing and/or structurally damaging unsteady aerodynamic forces experienced upon the blade and/or fan disc during operation are controlled, and the resultant fluctuating fan blade and disc peak stresses are mitigated 
A method of controlling a vehicle includes reducing a speed of the vehicle in response to a vehicle shutdown signal, monitoring at least one of a speed of the vehicle and a torque of an engine of the vehicle, determining whether the monitored at least one of the speed and torque is decreasing, if the monitored at least one of the speed and torque is not decreasing, enabling the engine of the vehicle to operate at a reduced power level, and stopping the vehicle when the monitored at least one of the speed and torque has reached a predetermined level. 
A control system for a vehicle includes a processor that reduces a speed of the vehicle in response to a vehicle includes a processor that reduces a speed of the vehicle in response to a vehicle shutdown signal. 
The processor monitors at least one of a speed of the vehicle and a torture of an engine of the vehicle and determines whether the monitored at least one of the speed and torque is decreasing. 
If the monitored at least one of the speed and torque is not decreasing, the processor enables the engine of the vehicle to operate at a reduced power level. 
The processor causes the vehicle to stop the vehicle when the monitored at least one of the speed and torque has reached a predetermined level. 
In addition, a computer-readable containing a computer program for controlling a vehicle 
The invention relates to a method, system and computer program for testing a wireless messaging device in a mobile communication system. 
The invention comprises generating (604) a test signal which contains physical time-slots, at least one of which is allocated for transmission of system information from a base transceiver station of the mobile communication system to the messaging device; and positioning (606) a synchronization sequence supported by the mobile communication system in a time-slot allocated for transmission of system information. 
The presented solution increases the average power of the signal part used in synchronization, shortening the time used for the synchronization and thus improving the performance of the test line 
The invention relates to an adjusting circuit for adjusting an amplitude of a radio frequency signal. 
The adjusting circuit comprises a plurality of terminals for input and output, a matching component having an effect on matching a signal input and a signal output to and from the terminals. 
The adjusting circuit also includes at least one adjustable resistance unit between the matching component and ground for changing a resistance of the input and the output of at least one terminal of the amplitude adjusting circuit. 
The adjusting circuit for adjusting an amplitude of a signal also may include a plurality of terminals for input and output, at least one pair of adjustable impedance units. 
Each pair of the adjustable impedance units is placed between a pair of input and output terminals. 
Each of the adjustable impedance units is coupled in parallel between a signal line and ground, and the impedance units of each pair have complementary reactances with respect to each other 
The invention relates to an electronic circuit for adjusting at least one property of an input signal of a non-linear element. 
A detector detects a strength of the input signal. 
An analog controller forms at least one control signal as a piecewise approximation of a non-linear dependency between the at least one property and the strength of the input signal detected by the detector. 
An adjusting circuit adjusts the at least one property of the input signal according to the at least one control signal from at least one controller 
The invention relates to a method for defining the nodes of a management structure used in device management in a device management system. 
In the arrangement, case sensitivity information is associated with at least one node to define whether to distinguish between upper-case and lower-case letters. 
At least one node is defined according to the case sensitivity information 
The invention relates to an arrangement for attaching a switch (2) control shaft (1) to a switch (2) pipe shaft (3), where the control shaft (1) is mounted partly in the switch (2) pipe shaft (3) and tightened to the switch (2) pipe shaft (3) by a screw (4). 
The arrangement comprises a tightening piece (6). 
The screw (4) is arranged to act on the control shaft (1) through the tightening piece (6) so that when the screw (4) is turned, the tightening piece (6) is arranged to press the control shaft (1) against the pipe shaft (3) so that the control shaft (1) tightens fast between the tightening piece (6) and the pipe shaft (3) 
The invention relates to a device (1) which is used to lift and displace the tongue blade (2) of a rail (6), comprising at least two rollers (12, 14) whereby the axes thereof are arranged in an essentially parallel manner in relation to a running rail (4), in order to displace the tongue blade (2) in a transversal manner in relation to the running rail (4), at least two support carrier pins (22, 24) which respectively support a roller (12, 14), and a base body (8) which supports the carrier pins (22, 24). The rollers (12, 14) have a projection which projects in at least one first direction in relation to the base body (8). 
The inventive device is characterised in that a covering (10) is arranged between at least two adjacent rollers and is oriented towards the first direction and at least partially covers a passage between the at least two adjacent rollers (12, 14) 
A method for improving the surface characteristics of Cobalt chromium alloys by plasma nitriding. 
By creating a glow discharge around the parts with selective gases at partial pressures a compound layer is formed at the surface beneficial for wear applications. 
A further benefit is an increase in the load bearing capacity of the surface as compared to standard material 
The invention provides a human TPP2 which is associated with the cardiovascular diseases, dermatological diseases, endocrinological diseases, metabolic diseases, gastroenterological diseases, cancer, inflammation, hematological diseases, respiratory diseases, muscle-skeleton diseases, neurological diseases and urological diseases. 
The invention also provides assays for the identification of compounds useful in the treatment or prevention of cardiovascular diseases, dermatological diseases, endocrinological diseases, metabolic diseases, gastroenterological diseases, cancer, inflammation, hematological diseases, respiratory diseases, muscle-skeleton diseases, neurological diseases and urological diseases. 
The invention also features compounds which bind to and/or activate or inhibit the activity of TPP2 as well as pharmaceutical compositions comprising such compounds 
Compounds of formula: (I) are inhibitors of p38 kinase and are useful in the treatment of conditions or disease states mediated by p38 kinase activity or mediated by cytokines produced by the activity of p38 
Compounds of formula (I) are inhibitors of p38 kinase and are useful in the treatment of conditions or disease states mediated by p38 kinase activity or mediated by cytokines produced by the activity of p38 
A reformer (1) for producing a reformed gas from a hydrocarbon raw material is disclosed which comprises a reformer container (4) having an inner tubular body (41) and an outer tubular body (42), a reforming catalyst (40) filled in the reformer container (4), a burner (2) for heating the reforming catalyst (40) and a reformed gas fuel, an exhaust gas outer channel (50) for flowing the exhaust gas of the burner (2) along the outer lateral surface of the reformer container (4), an exhaust gas inner channel (30) for flowing the exhaust gas of the burner (2) along the inner lateral surface of the reformer container (4), and a plurality of return pipes (6) serving as reformed gas channels 
This invention relates to a foldable wheelbarrow and a foldable hand cart. Both comprise a wheel mounting assembly, a leg assembly rotatably connected to the wheel mounting assembly, one or more wheels rotatably connected to the wheel mounting assembly, a collapsible container connected to the wheel mounting and leg assemblies, and at least one support member rotatably connected to both the wheel mounting and leg assemblies and serving to maintain the wheelbarrow in an erected position. 
The handle members have a pair of handles and a kicker; the kicker has a pair of interconnected longitudinally-extending portions that are each rotatably connected to an associated rear handle segment thereby enabling the handle members to rotate between erected and folded position 
[PROBLEMS] To provide a cutter wheel capable of stably forming a highly accurate scribing line even when the plate thickness of a fragile material substrate is small when the fragile material substrate is cut off and a scribing method for a fragile material substrate using the cutter wheel. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] This cutter wheel for scribing a fragile material substrate is formed such that a V-shaped ridge line part is formed as an edge along the circular part of a disk-like wheel, and a plurality of projections of a specified shape are formed on the ridge line part at approximately equal intervals. 
The outer diameter of the wheel is 1.0 to 2.5 mm, the projections are formed all around the ridge line part at a pitch of 8 to 35 mum, the height of the projections is 0.5 to 6.0 mum, and a blade tip angle is 85 to 140° 
A method of performing a medical procedure on target tissue within the body includes immobilizing the target tissue with an immobilization device, positioning an insertion tool (e.g., a needle and marker wire, a needle gun, etc.) to be inserted into the target tissue on the immobilization device based on at least one reading of the target tissue, and inserting the insertion tool into the target tissue. 
An immobilization device for performing methods includes a frame assembly (103), a tissue immobilization assembly(165) coupled to the frame assembly, the tissue immobilization assembly including a structure adapted to immobilize tissue, and a needle assembly releasably connectable to the frame assembly. 
The needle assembly(107) includes a needle capable of being inserted into the immobilized tissue 
A color camera includes at least three sub-cameras, each sub-camera having an imaging lens, a color filter, and an array of detectors, The color camera combines images from the three sub-cameras to form a composite multi­color image, wherein the three sub-cameras include a total number of detectors N and a total number of different color sets X, wherein a first number of signals of a first color set is less than N/X and a second number of signals of a second color set is greater than N/X, signals of the second color set being output from at least two of the three sub-cameras, wherein resolution of a composite image of the second color set is greater than resolution of an individual sub-camera and a resolution of the composite image. 
Corresponding images of the same color set may be shifted, either sequentially or simultaneously, relative to one another 
The invention provides new methods for synthesis of large boron hydride clusters, e.g., boron hydride molecules of the formula B<SUB>n</SUB>H<SUB>m</SUB> where 5=n=96 and m=n+8, wherein m and n satisfy the electron counting rules of macropolyhedral boranes. 
The invention is particularly useful for synthesis of octadecaborane (B<SUB>18</SUB>H<SUB>22</SUB>). 
Preferred methods of the invention include iteratively generating a conjugate acid from a salt of the [B<SUB>a</SUB>H<SUB>b</SUB>]<SUP>c-</SUP> or [B<SUB>n</SUB>+<SUB>2</SUB>H<SUB>m-4</SUB>]<SUP>2-</SUP> anion followed by degradation under conditions conducive to concentrating and drying of the conjugate acid to provide a borane B<SUB>n</SUB>H<SUB>m</SUB> and residual salt of the [B<SUB>a</SUB>H<SUB>b</SUB>]<SUP>c-</SUP> or [B<SUB>n</SUB>+<SUB>2</SUB>H<SUB>m-4</SUB>]<SUP>2-</SUP> anion which is reused in the method of synthesis. 
The invention further provides isotopically enriched boranes, particularly isotopically enriched <SUP>10</SUP>B<SUB>18</SUB>H<SUB>22</SUB> and <SUP>11</SUP>B<SUB>18</SUB> H<SUB>22</SUB> 
Inflammatory bowel diseases are represented by two idiopathic disorders, which include ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease. 
Ulcerative colitis is restricted to the colon and involves uncertain and inflammation of the lining (mucosa) of the large intestine. 
Crohn's disease, on the other hand, can involve the mucosa of the small and/or large intestine and may involve deeper layers of the bowel wall. 
The present invention is a combination of 5-aminosalicylic acid and one or more antioxidants (e.g., N-acetylcysteine) for treating such inflammatory bowel diseases or other inflammatory bowel diseases 
There are provided a mobile communication terminal casing and a mobile communication terminal capable of displaying an image functioning as an external design of the mobile communication terminal and easily modifying and appropriately displaying the image functioning as the external design. 
There are also provided a server device providing data to the mobile communication terminal and a mobile communication system including the mobile communication terminal and the server device. 
A display panel made of an electronic paper is attached to an external exposed portion of the casing of the mobile communication terminal (mobile telephone) (20). 
This display panel constitutes a casing image display unit (217) and displays a casing image based on the image data according to an instruction from a main control unit (215) 
Transporting an asynchronous transfer mode (ATM) stream through a bonding group involves properly splitting the stream into sub-streams to fit into individual member bearer's bandwidth at the transmit end, and properly merging the sub-streams to reconstruct the stream at the receive end. 
At the receive end, the cells can be put together in the proper sequence in a process of cell aggregation based on attached sequence numbers. 
Once the stream is re-constructed, the attached sequence numbers are replaced by the original field contents of the ATM headers. 
Methods of cell aggregation are described that assist the bonding scheme in working efficiently 
An ion conductor and an electrochemical display device utilizing the same. 
It is demanded that the ion conductor for use between electrodes of an electrochemical display device, etc. simultaneously have high ion conductivity and capability as a separator. 
A polymer gel electrolyte is known as such an ion conductor. 
However, there has been a problem such that from the viewpoint of miscibility between organic polymer as an electrolytic solution holder and solvent of the electrolytic solution, the type of solvent of the electrolytic solution is restricted dependent on the type of organic polymer employed. 
This problem has been resolved by, for example, an ion conductor comprising organic polymer microparticles containing 20 to 80 mass% of ultrafine particles of inorganic compound and an electrolytic solution having penetrated in the organic polymer microparticles, wherein the ultrafine particles of inorganic compound have an average particle diameter of 500 nm or less while the organic polymer microparticles have a specific surface area, as measured by the BET method, of 30 m<2>/g or greater 
The chimney head, intended especially for flue gas venting, is constructed on the basis of a utility model. 
It consists of a ring and a chimney insert (10). 
The shape of the ring is a spoiler A (1), on which, by means of staybolts (4), another ring is hung, shaped in the form of a spoiler B (2) with adjustable distance from the fixed spoiler A (1). 
Between the both spoilers, there is a hoop (9) that is inserted by means of fixing consoles (91). 
Its distance from the spoiler A (1) is defined by distance tubes (6). 
Between the loop (9) and the spoiler B (2), there is at least one ring of a C-spoiler shape (3). 
The spoilers A, B, C (1,2,3) are aligned; their shapes are conical. 
The B-spoiler (2) is provided with a chimney insert (10) 
A very large, flexibility distortion resist and comb-type bridge expansion joint, comprises fixed comb plate (2) and moved comb plate (1) which are respectively disposed on the girders (10) where at the two sides of the bridge expansion joint, the moved comb plate (1) has any comb teeth (11) at its first end, and the comb teeth (11) interdigitate with the comb teeth (21 ) of the fixed comb plate, characterized in that said moved comb plate (1) has a rotating shaft (8) at the bottom of its second end, and the two ends of the rotating shaft (8) pivot in the shaft seat (7) which is directly or indirectly fixed on the girders (10). 
Compared with the prior art, this invention design that around the second end of the moved comb plate is rotatable, by which the moved comb plate will rotate round the girders when the girders have deflection distortion and the ends of the girders are raising or sinking. 
Therefor the moved comb plate can keep flat to avoid damage of the expansion joint, and to ensure that the vehicle can pass safely and smoothly 
The invention relates to a fiber assembly (1) comprised of at least two fibers (2, 3), in which at least one first fiber (3), with a laterally open hollow profile, at least partially surrounds a second fiber (2) formed separately from the first fiber, and accommodates, inside its cavity, said second fiber while coming in contact with the same 
A colored bright pigment, characterized in that it comprises a scaly glass and, formed on the surface thereof, a silica-based coating film containing an organic pigment. 
It is preferred that a titanium oxide is coated on the surface of the above scaly glass, or, that a metal is coated on the surface of the above scaly glass and further the above silica-based coating film is coated. 
The above colored bright pigment is compounded in a paint, a resin composition, an ink, a cosmetic and the like, and can provide a color which exhibits high feeling of transparency and brightness, and also exhibits high saturation and clearness and accuracy 
A polyacetal resin composition comprising polyacetal resin (I) and, per 100 parts by mass thereof, more than 5 parts by mass but less than 100 parts by mass of calcium carbonate (II), the calcium carbonate having an average particle diameter of 0.1 to less than 1.5 mum and an average aspect ratio being a ratio of average major axis of particles (L) to average minor axis of particles (D), L/D, of 3 or less, 0.005 to 10 parts by mass of organic acid (III) and 0 to less than 0.05 part by mass of fatty acid ester (IV), wherein the amount of Na relative to Ca is 250 ppm or less while the amount of Sr relative to Ca is 500 to 2500 ppm. 
This resin composition excels in a balance of thermal stability and mechanical properties, such as rigidity and toughness, also excelling in anti-creep life, fatigue resistance and acid resistance, so that it is suitable for use in various fields, such as automobile, electrical/electronic and other industries 
A process for stably forming an ultrafine crystal layer on the surface of a metal product at a low cost. 
A hole part (1) is bored in a workpiece (W) by means of a drill (D) and a large strain is imparted to the inner circumferential surface of the hole part (1), thus forming an ultrafine crystal layer (C1). 
The inner circumferential surface of the hole part (1) is subjected to plastic forming with a true strain of at least 1, and the material temperature at the formed surface of the hole part (1) is maintained in a temperature range from the Ac1 transformation point to below the melting point. 
Alternatively, it is maintained at a temperature not exceeding the Ac1 transformation point. 
In such a way, an ultrafine crystal layer (C1) can be stably formed on the inner surface of the hole part (1) at a low cost 
A heat treating device for a steel plate, comprising a plurality of conveying rolls for horizontally conveying the steel plate and at least one induction heating device for heating the steel plate. 
The induction heating devices are disposed between the specified conveying rolls adjacent to each other. 
At least one pressing roll for pressing the steel plate from the upper face is installed on the outlet side of at least the induction heating device located on the upstream-most side of the induction heating devices. 
At least the pressing roll located on the upstream-most side of the pressing rolls is disposed oppositely to the conveying roll on the upper side of the conveying roll located on the outlet side of the induction heating device. 
Thus, when the induction heating device is used, also a specified heat treatment can be applied to the steel plate by the heat treatment device for the steel plate without obstructing the conveying of the steel plate 
Microelectrodes including an upper surface, two walls, and a polymer core are described. 
In addition, microelectrodes including a metal thin film are described. 
Processes for fabricating microelectrodes including providing a substrate including at least one polymer micro-ridge are also described. 
Processes for fabricating an electro-optic device including providing a substrate including at least two polymer micro-ridges are also described. 
In addition, a process including reacting an alkoxysilane, an (epoxy)alkoxysilane, and a fluorinated alkoxysilane to form a fluorinated sol-gel polymer, and reacting a nonlinear optical chromophore comprising a donor, a pi-bridge, an acceptor, and at least one alkoxysilyl group with the fluorinated sol-gel polymer to form a nonlinear optical fluorinated sol-gel polymer is also described 
Disclosed are compositions for affecting weight loss comprising a first compound and a second compound, where the first compound is a psychotherapeutic agent and the second compound is a anticonvulsant. 
Also disclosed are methods of affecting weight loss, increasing energy expenditure, increasing satiety in an individual, or suppressing the appetite of an individual, comprising identifying an individual in need thereof and treating that individual with a psychotherapeutic agent and an anticonvulsant 
A timber bark extract obtained by extracting the bark of timber less than 100 years of age with the use of at least one solvent selected from the group consisting of water, polar solvents and mixed solvents thereof. 
In particular, it is preferred that the timber be one 20 to 80 years of age. 
This timber bark extract contains OPC at a high ratio 
The invention relates to a bangle arrangement which has an increased functionality for the user. 
For this purpose the arrangement comprises a second bangle and the two bangles are interlinked via a linking element, said linking element comprising a coupling device. 
The coupling device of the linking element is decoupled if a sufficient tensile force between the two bangles is exerted, thereby separating the two bangles of the arrangement from each other. 
The invention also relates to a corresponding individual bangle for use in the arrangement 
A laser chamber is provided that increases power, initiation, and discharge efficiency over single chamber lasers by providing a multi-fold laser chamber, protrusions, discharge segmentation and inversion techniques 
A trusted branded email method and apparatus in one aspect detects branded electronic messages and performs validation before it is sent to a recipient. 
In another aspect, an electronic messages is branded by embedding branding assets and validation signatures. 
Algorithms that generate validation signatures are dynamically selected to further strengthen the security aspects. 
Branding assets are presented to a user using a distinct indicia that represents to the user that the branding assets are secure 
Briefly, a decoder to decode a desired symbol within a plurality of multipath components. 
The decoder may include processing window that may be positioned around the desired symbol within a group of multipath components. 
A method for decoding the symbol is also provided 
A directly diode-pumped amplifier system (10) is disclosed which produces sub-picosecond pulses with an output power of 2 watts or more. 
Computer resources (22) are coupled to the amplifier system and are configured to provide control of operating parameters of the amplifier system. 
An optional second harmonic generator (19) is supplied to increase the contrast ratio and reduce the minimum focal spot size. 
This amplifier system can be utilized for material processing applications 
A cylinder lock including a plurality of lock pins comprising a plurality of driver pins slidably and biasedly disposed in bores formed in a lock body, and a plurality of tumbler pins aligned with the driver pins and disposed in pin bores formed in a rotatable-key-receiving plug located in a bore formed in the lock body, the tumbler pins extending into a keyway formed in the plug, wherein at least one of the lock pins has an outer contour with an extensible length. 
In other words, either the driver pin may have the outer contour with the extensible length, or the tumbler pin may have the outer contour with the extensible length, or both the driver pin and the tumbler pin may have the outer contour with the extensible length 
M-CSF-specific RX1-based or RX-1 derived antibodies are provided, along with pharmaceutical compositions containing such antibody, kits containing a pharmaceutical composition, and methods of preventing and treating bone loss in a subject afflicted with an osteolytic disease 
A nitrile compound represented by the formula (1). 
It is highly effective in controlling pests and is hence useful as an active ingredient for a pest control agent 
The disclosure relates to a multi-stage unit (1) for processing a web (2) of packaging material, comprising a first processing station (3) where first processing steps are carried out on the material web (2) and a second processing station (5) where a second processing step is carried out on the material web (2). 
The first processing station (3) includes a first processing tool (3a) and at least one second processing tool (3b) placed downstream of the first, and the second processing station (5) comprises a first processing tool (5a). 
The multi-stage unit (1) also includes a web-tensioning device (21) for the material web (2) which is disposed between the first and the second processing stations (3, 5). 
Both of said first processing tools (3a, 5a) are fixedly disposed in their respective station and the at least second processing tool (3b) in the first processing station (3) is moveable in relation to the first processing tool (3a) in a direction along the material web (2) and the web-tensioning device (21) is moveable in relation to the processing tools (3a-3c) in the first processing station (3) 
A mixing bag (10) for use in bioprocessing in which a fluid (F) is received and agitated using an internal fluid-agitating element (18) driven by an external motive device (24). 
The bag (10) may include an integral sparger (100) and sensor receiver (200) 
A gel for application to a wound, comprising a mixture of citrus complex carbohydrates, a cellulose derivative, a polyol component and water, wherein said citrus complex carbohydrates are cross-linked to said cellulose derivative by an ionic cross-linking agent 
A pharmaceutical composition comprising 2,4-dichlorobenzyl alcohol in combination with amylmetacresol for the treatment or prevention of viral infections caused by SARS-associated coronavirus 
A method for reconstruction of object attenuation density (S(x,y,z)) from X-ray projection image data values (V(pq)) comprises the steps of: representing (11) the object attenuation density by a sum of predetermined continuous harmonics (Hijk (x,y,z)) with unknown coefficients (aijk); relating (12) each of the projection image data values to an integral (S(pq)) of the object attenuation density, and thus to a corresponding sum of integrals (aijk*Hijk(pq)) of the predetermined continuous harmonics with unknown coefficients; determining (13) the unknown coefficients (aijk) from the above relation; and reconstructing (14) the object attenuation density by said sum of predetermined continuous harmonics with said determined coefficients. 
The spatial three-dimensional object attenuation density is found as a continuous function with uniform resolution over all its volume and is shown as a solid three-dimensional body, which can be cut in arbitrary way and shown in continuous motion 
An apparatus for cleaning and pre-milking a teat of a milking animal prior to the milking animal being milked comprises a teat cleaning and pre-milking device (51) having cleaning means and pre-milking means, wherein, during cleaning and pre-milking, the teat of the animal is exposed to the cleaning and pre-milking means. 
The apparatus comprises further means (60; 84) for establishing that milk is actually extracted from the teat of the milking animal during the cleaning and pre-milking, means (62; 84) for measuring a quality, preferably a somatic cell count value, of the milk extracted from the teat of the animal during the cleaning and pre-milking, means for comparing the measured quality of the milk with a reference quality value, and means for indicating, depending on the comparison, whether or not milk drawn from the teat of the animal during a subsequent milking should be mixed with milk drawn from another animal 
Provided herein are linker compounds and conjugates that include the linker compounds. 
In one embodiment, the li er compounds comprise 2 or 3 residues of 6-aminohexanoic acid and optionally 7-10 residues of polyethyleneglycol (PEG). 
The linker compounds are useful in forming conjugates with one or more components useful in biopharmaceutical or bioanalytical applications. In particular, the biopharmaceutically useful compounds are kinase inhibitors. 
The conjugates described herein have utility in a variety of diagnostic, separation, and therapeutic applications 
An apparatus includes a distributed resonant tunneling section with a plurality of inductive portions that are coupled in series with each other between first and second nodes, such that a respective further node is present between each adjacent pair of the inductive portions. 
The distributed resonant tunneling section also has a plurality of resonant tunneling device portions which are each coupled between a third node and a respective one of the further nodes 
This invention relates to a cooling device (1) whereof the freezing efficiency is increased, without an additional driver, by operating the compressor motor (2), enables of the refrigeration cycle, at variable speeds using the network voltage 
A monolithically integrated circuit, particularly an integrated circuit for radio frequency power applications, comprises a transistor (11; 51), preferably a power LDMOS transistor, and a spiral inductor (12; 26; 41; 52, 53), preferably an RF blocking inductor. 
The spiral inductor is arranged on top of the transistor, whereby an electromagnetic coupling between said spiral inductor and said transistor is not typically possible to avoid. 
However, the transistor has a finger type layout (13a-k, 14a-f) to prevent any significant eddy currents caused by the electromagnetic coupling from occurring. 
The chip area needed for the circuit is strongly reduced by such arrangement 
A semiconductor device and a method for forming it are described. 
The semiconductor device comprises a metal NMOS gate electrode that is formed on a first part of a substrate, and a silicide PMOS gate electrode that is formed on a second part of the substrate 
A System (Fig. 
1) for discovering, identifying and managing ad hoc networks and facilitating the communications within that network is disclosed. 
An addition to the network interface mediates discovery of adjacent computers (101, 103, 104, 106, 107) with the Same addition running and the exchange of profiles between these Computers (101, 103, 104, 106, 107) to allow device sharing and routing 
Provided are a method, system, and program for processing a transmission from a first device to a second device. 
An identification transmission is received including an interface address from the first device. A determination is made as to whether the identification transmission indicates a recognized vendor identifier. An interface address of a third device is returned to the first device in response to determining that the identification transmission includes one recognized vendor identifier, wherein the third device relays transmissions between the first and second devices 
The oven (1) which is the object of the present invention, comprises an outer cabinet (2) preferably in a rectangular prism shape, a cooking chamber (3) located inside this outer cabinet with spacing between, fan(s) (9) moving the air inside the oven, heater(s) (10) that heat the air, a fan cladding (11) located at the back of the cooking chamber (3) that directs the air moved by the fan, a side wall (4) enabling the transfer of the air moved by the fan and received from the inlet, towards the middle and the back sections of the cooking chamber at required temperature and pressure rates 
This invention relates to a compressor (1) preferably used in refrigerators, wherein an insulator (10) minimizes the heat transfer between a suction muffler (4) minimizing the noise generated by the refrigerant during the refrigeration cycle and a cylinder head (3) used to attach the suction muffler (4) to the cylinder (2) 
This invention relates to a suction muffler (4) used preferably in compressors (1) and whereby the noise generated during the refrigeration cycle by the refrigerant is minimized 
This invention relates to a washer/dryer (1) wherein a fixing mechanism (5) utilized to temporarily fasten the washing tank (4) to the body (2) is adjusted so as to prevent the damage as a consequence of the action of unexpected, sudden loads that may occur during transportation when, for example, the transport vehicle suddenly stops, 10 the item falls down or hits something 
This invention relates to a washer/dryer (1) wherein a fixing mechanism (5) is utilized to prevent damages as a consequence of unexpected loads applied upon the washer/dryer during transportation when, for example, the transport vehicle suddenly stops, the item falls down or hits something 
It has been discovered that compositions that are blends or mixtures of certain lubricity additives and corrosion inhibitors and/or stability additives can serve as improved lubricity additive compositions in distillate fuels. 
The corrosion inhibitors may include, but are not necessarily limited to, saturated or unsaturated monomer, dimer, and trimer fatty acids, succinic acids, imidazolines, and mixtures thereof. 
Suitable stability additives include, but are not necessarily limited to, amines, amides, amine/aldehyde condensates, polymer dispersants, and mixtures thereof, where the stability additive is different from the lubricity additive. 
It has been surprisingly discovered that less lubricity additive may be used in the compositions when the stability additive is different from the lubricity additive. 
It has been surprisingly discovered that less lubricity additive may be used in the compositions when the stability additive or corrosion inhibitor is present to achieve the same lubricity result, as compared with compositions that do not contain a stability additive or corrosion inhibitor, yet the same total amount of additive composition 
A device for applying tape from a roll of tape (e.g., masking tape) along a surface to be protected with an edge of the tape extending along a juncture between the surface to be protected and a surface to be treated disposed at about a right angle with respect to the surface to be protected. 
The device includes a two portion housing around and journaling the tape roll, each portion having a tape contacting part of its inner surface in a first plane, and having in a second plane a guide part of its outer surface adapted to be slid along the surface to be treated. 
The first and second planes on each of the housing portions can be parallel or at a small angle with respect to each other so that they intersect along an application side of the housing. 
A pressure application structure is mounted on the housing with an outer edge each end of the pressure application structure at the intersection (if they intersect) of the first and second planes for a different adjacent one of the housing portions. 
The pressure application structure is mounted on the housing for limited pivotal movement in a plane at about a right angle with respect to a plane along the guide surface. 
The roll of tape can be mounted in the housing for free rotation and axial movement. 
Tape from the roll extends around the periphery of the pressure application structure so that the dispenser can be manually positioned with either housing portion against the surface to be treated and moved to apply the tape, whereupon pressures applied to the tape being dispensed by the pressure application structure in the device will cause the side surface of the roll of tape to move toward or into contact with the tape contact part of the inner surface of the housing portion being slid along the surface to be treated so that the tape is accurately applied 
The present invention provides a liquid spray gun with several improved features, including (1) an air cap portion of a body assembly mounted for manual rotation on a nozzle portion of the body assembly between positions defined by stops and retained at those positions by friction; (2) non-cylindrical air passageways on air horns included in the air cap portion of the body assembly that provide improved shape and uniformity for the wide elongate stream of liquid formed by the spray gun; and (3) the body assembly through which passes liquid sprayed by the spray gun being molded of polymeric material and being manually releasable from a metal platform portion of the spray gun through which air is fed to passageways through the body assembly to spray the liquid 
Dry powder nebulizers and flow devices are configured to administer aerosolized dry powder in a substantially continuous flow air stream during a therapeutic session 
An expeditious method and formula for treating and preventing a wide variety of cancer neoplasms by administering anti-tumor agents comprising alkaline salt or salts that reduce localized acidity levels in cancerous tumors and the elimination of the pathophysiological process of cancer cell creation and proliferation and elimination of metastasis. 
The invention optimizes localized and or systemic cellular ionic physiology and depriving cancerous cells of their ability to grow rapidly by optimizing their local ionic environment, inhibiting angiogenesis, reducing metastatic proliferation, optimizing immune responses and reducing pain 
A plunger for an IOL inserter includes a recess defined between the plunger tip and a curvilinear ramp for positioning the trailing haptic of an IOL during IOL delivery through the inserter and into an eye 
A stent (10) comprises at least one stent member (12) woven to form a substantially tubular body that defines a flow path. 
The tubular body comprises a first region (100) and a second region (200). 
In the first region the at lease one stent member defines a plurality of first region openings (20) and in the second region at least one first portion of the at least one member and at least one second portion of the at least one member are engaged together to form at least one primary strand (140). 
The at least one primary strand defines a plurality of second region openings. 
The at least one of the plurality of second region openings is in fluid communication with the flow path. 
The plurality of second region openings provide the second region with a greater porosity than the first region 
The present invention provides a wet wipe prepared from at least a two layer laminate material. 
In addition to the laminate, the wet wipe also contains a cleaning fluid. 
As for the laminate, the laminate has a first layer which contains a web material capable of holding and releasing the cleaning fluid and a second layer, adjacent the first layer, which has, by virtue of its structure and/or composition, less affinity for the cleaning solution than the first layer. 
The first layer contains a larger percentage of the cleaning fluid than the second layer. 
Also disclosed is a three layer laminate containing wipe wherein the intermediate layer has less affinity for the cleaning solution than the outer layers 
This invention relates to a vacuum cleaner (24) that comprises an easily mountable and demountable cyclone unit (6), which is placed on the vacuum cleaner (24), wherein its inner chamber can be cleaned 
The inventions provide an improved treatment for hepatic encephalopathy characterized by hyperammonemia and/or constipation, comprising the oral administration of polyethylene glycol (PEG) in amounts sufficient to reduce plasma levels of ammonia and/or to alleviate constipation. 
Preferably, the PEG is administered in combination with lactulose, which provides a palatale composition with lactulose, which provides a palatable composition for the treatment of HE with excellent therapeutic benefits and reduced side effects as compared to lactulose alone 
A bone anchor assembly may include a bone anchor having a proximal head and a distal shaft configured to engage bone and a receiving member for receiving a spinal fixation element to be coupled to the bone anchor. 
The receiving member may have a first end having a first bore defining a first bore axis, a recess in communication with the first bore, and a second end having a second bore sized to receive at least a portion of the bone anchor. 
The second bore may define a second bore axis that intersects the first bore axis and may have a first opening through which the at least a portion of the bone anchor extends and a second opening opposite the first opening. 
The second opening may be sized to pass the head of the bone anchor during assembly of the bone anchor assembly 
A bone anchor assembly may include a bone anchor having a distal shaft configured to engage bone and a proximal member. 
The proximal member may have a first section and a second section coupled to at least a portion of the bone anchor. 
The second section may be movably connected to the first section to facilitate relative rotation of the first section and the second section 
Atomic layer epitaxy (ALE) is applied to the fabrication of new forms of rare-earth oxides, rare-earth nitrides and rare-earth phosphides. 
Further, ternary compounds composed of binary (rare-earth oxides, rare-earth nitrides and rare-earth phosphides) mixed with silicon and or germanium to form compound semiconductors of the formula RE-(O, N, P)-(Si,Ge) are also disclosed, where RE= at least one selection from group of rare-earth metals, O=oxygen, N=nitrogen, P=phosphorus, Si=silicon and Ge=germanium. 
The presented ALE growth technique and material system can be applied to silicon electronics, opto-electronic, magneto-electronics and magneto-optics devices 
The invention relates to methods for analysis of nucleic acid methylation status, and fragmentation and/or labeling and/or immobilization of nucleic acids. 
More particularly, the invention relates to methods for fragmentation and/or labeling and/or immobilization of nucleic acids comprising labeling and/or cleavage and/or immobilization at abasic sites 
Heat differential power systems and apparatus for powering liquid cooling systems and/or generating electrical power in a data processing system or a telecommunication system are presented. 
A number of embodiments are presented. 
In each embodiment a heat differential power system is implemented which utilizes the heat created, a heat-generating component such as a microprocessor within the data processing or telecommunications system, and the resulting heat differential created with other parts of the system as power to operate the heat differential power system and convert thermal energy into mechanical and/or electrical energy for powering a liquid cooling system, fans, other electrical components, and/or extending the battery life in a portable data processing or telecommunications system 
The present invention provides compounds of formula I and pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof. 
The compounds of the invention inhibit tyrosine kinase activity of growth factor receptors such as HER1, HER2 and HER4 thereby making them useful as antiproliferative agents for the treatment of cancer and other diseases 
Disclosed is a method for triggering a scanner in at least one scan axis in a laser scanning microscope. 
According to said method, the scan field is subdivided into subareas. A first image of a subarea, which is generated by a forward scan, is compared to a second image of said subarea, which is generated by a backward scan, and a correction value for triggering the scanner is determined from the deviation between the first and the second image 
The present invention relates to the field of automotive heat exchangers, and, in particualr, to ribbed heat exchanger tanks.(15). 
This invention uses ribs (11) that are oriented perpendicular to the local wall bending axes, and, therefore, not necessarily perpendicular to or parallel with the plane (12) of the header to improve resistance to thereby reduce wall deflection and reduce stress concentration in or near the ribs (11) 
Burner assembly for a gas burner of radiant heating type including a burner chamber (140) for receiving mixed gas, a burner mat (150) on top of the burner chamber (140) for making combustion, and a baffle part (161,163) between a bottom of the burner mat (150) and a side of the burner chamber (140) the mixed gas is introduced into the burner chamber (140) therethrough, for uniform distribution of the mixed gas to an entire part of the burner mat (150) 
Disclosed is a workstring for use in a gravel packing system. 
The workstring includes a washpipe with at least one port and a selectively openable and closeable closure mechanism in operable communication with the at least one port. 
Further disclosed is a collet having a collet base and a plurality of collet fingers extending from the collet base. 
At least one of the collet fingers includes retaining feature, the retaining feature being configured to yield under bending at a selected valve. 
Yet further disclosed is a method for gravel packing. The method includes gravel packing a wellbore including opening one or more valves in a washpipe as pressure associated with the gravel packing climbs, the valves providing an escape path for a fluid component of the gravel pack to an inside dimension of the washpipe. The method further includes closing the one or more valves in the washpipe 
The invention relates to bicyclic imidazole compounds of general formula (I), in which R<1> to R<3> and A are defined as cited in Claims 1 to 8, and to tautomers, stereoisomers, mixtures and salts thereof that have valuable pharmacological properties, particularly an inhibiting effect upon the activity of the enzyme dipeptidyl peptidase-IV (DPP-IV) 
Disclosed are polymorphs of 1-(5-tert-butyl-2-p-tolyl-2H-pyrazol-3-yl)-3-[4-(2-morpholine-4-yl-ethoxy)-naphthalene-1-yl]urea and processes for making the same 
A process for the preparation of benzoquinones and hydroquinones includes oxidizing an aromatic hydroxy compound with oxygen or an oxygen containing gas, a copper containing catalyst, and optionally a promoter to form the benzoquinone. 
A reduction reaction is employed to form the hydroquinone 
One aspect of the present invention relates to magnetic nanoparticles colloidally stabilized in aqueous milieu by association with an organic phase. 
The organic phase may be either a fluorinated polymer or an organic hydrocarbon bilayer, wherein the two layers are chemically bonded to each other. 
The stabilized particles are further non-toxic and provide useful enhancements in bioprocesses. 
Another aspect of the present invention relates to compositions comprising an oxygen-dissolving fluid vehicle and surface modified, nanometer-sized magnetic particles. 
The inventive compositions have utility in a wide range of applications, but are particularly suitable for use as recyclable oxygen carriers, separation and purification vehicles, and bioprocessing media, including fermentation processes 
Disclosed is a bicycle stand comprising an element for fixing a running wheel of a bicycle, a means for anchoring the bicycle stand, and an element (26) for fixing a bicycle lock. 
The aim of the invention is to create a bicycle stand that allows a bicycle to be securely and easily fixed therein and detached therefrom. 
Said aim is achieved by embodying the element for fixing the running wheel in a spherical manner while placing the holding element (12) in relation to a foundation such that neither of the two free ends (18) of the holding element (12) forms the lowest point of the holding element (12). 
Furthermore, the element (26) for fixing the bicycle lock is provided with a bar, one end of which is connected to the holding element while the free end thereof is configured in an annular manner, said annular free end of the element (26) for fixing the bicycle lock being arranged laterally offset relative to the holding element (12) and above the holding element (12) 
Delivery fo a Janus Kinase 3 (JAK3) inhibitor locally, particularly from an intravascular stent, directly from micropores in the stent body or mixed or bound to a polymer coating applied on stent, to inhibit neointimal tissue proliferation and thereby prevent restenosis. 
This invention also facilitates theperformance of the stent in inhibiting restenosis 
Delivery of Janus Kinase 3 (JAK3) inhibitor locally, particularly from an intravascular stent, directly from micropores in the stent body or mixed or bound to a polymer coating applied on stent, to inhibit neointimal tissue proliferation and thereby prevent restenosis. 
This invention facilitates the performance of the stent in inhibiting restonosis 
The course of a disease which is associated with abnormality in tissue or blood oxygenation or impairment in the lungs ability to oxygenate blood, e.g., angina, heart failure, pulmonary hypertension, sickle cell disease, diabetes or storke, is tracked or severity of the disease is determined by measurement of ability of blood sample to dilate blood vessels. 
Treatment with nitric oxide and/or nitrite and/or other agent which causes increase in red blood cell induced vasodilation, can be carried out in response to measurment showing lower than normal ability to cause blood vessel dilation 
A ball and socket assembly (10) comprises a housing (12) having an interior socket (14) and an exterior surface (16) at least partially knurled (18) for press fit into a mating first suspension part (20), such as a control arm. 
A ball (22) is rotatably sealed within the socket to provide an articulated joint. 
A mounting shank (25) extends outwardly from the ball for attachment to a second suspension component, such as a suspended wheel. 
The housing, together with its knurls, is formed in a forging tool (36) whereby greater design flexibility to place knurls in surface configurations previously unattainable or impractical with conventional machining techniques is obtained, as well as economical, high-volume production 
An apparatus including: an interferometer (100) comprising a series of three partially reflective reference surfaces, wherein the interferometer is configured to direct electromagnetic radiation to a test surface (111) along a path through the series of three partially reflective reference surfaces, and direct the electromagnetic radiation reflected from each of the surfaces to form an optical interference pattern on a detector (140) , wherein the interferometer comprises a first reference optic (120) supporting the first reference surface (121) and a second reference optic (101) supporting the second (102) and third (103) reference surfaces, and wherein the second reference optic is configured to adjustably rotate to exchange an order of the second and third reference surfaces along the path relative to the first reference surface 
In accordance with the present invention there is provided an educational system implemented on a computer network (14) that ensures the student is learning the material. 
The system has an educational server (12) configured to monitor the progress between an instructor (20a-20c) and a student (18a-18c). 
The educational server (12) has a program that delivers educational material to a computer of the student (18a-18c). 
The program also receives student communications from the computer of the student (18a-18c). 
The educational server (12) forwards the student communication to a computer of the instructor (20a-20c) and delivers further educational materials to the computer of the student (18a-18c) upon approval of the instructor 
The invention relates to a security element for antifalsification papers and valuable documents, such as bank notes, passports, identity papers or the like, said security element comprising a colour-coded latent image with various image constituents 
The invention relates to a device and method for the synchronisation of a data communication system using pairs of complementary sequences. 
According to the invention, both sequences of the pair are transmitted (1) by means of quadrature modulation (2) and, in a first step, the receiver extracts both quadrature phases (3). 
Subsequently, at the output of the filter that is adapted to the complementary sequences (4), a signal peak is obtained which is significantly greater when the form and phase of the reception signal match those of the reference. 
Moreover, at said output, a threshold detector is used to obtain a timestamp which is used during the remaining steps of the detector in order to be synchronised with the transmitter. 
The inventive method is advantageous in that it improves the signal-to-noise ratio of the receiver as a function of the length of the sequences expressed as follows: SNR'=M2L.SNR, wherein SNR' is the signal-to-noise ratio at the output of the adapted filter, SNR is the signal-to-noise ratio at reception, L is the length of the complementary sequences and M is the number of sequence pairs 
A method of communicating calibration information from an infrared gas sensor (200) includes the step of modulating infrared or visible light from an infrared energy source (230) in a manner that corresponds to calibration information to be transmitted from the sensor (200) through a transmissive section (250) in the sensor housing . 
Infrared energy from the infrared energy source (230) , which is within the housing of the sensor, also interacts with an analyte in a manner detectable by at least one detector (236a, 236b) within the housing 
The invention relates to a gas control valve and a safety valve for burners of a modular gas heating device, which are used to adapt a changeable heat load and for the abrupt disconnection of the flow of combustible gas, in particular for heating living space and for the supply of warm water. 
According to the invention, the gas control valve and the safety valve for burners of a modular gas heating device, comprising at least two closing elements which are arranged in an axial manner at a distance from each other, are positioned in a coaxial manner in relation to each other in a housing (1) between an inlet channel (2) and an outlet channel (3), and close the gas control valve and the safety valve in an abrupt manner independently from each other, by means of an associated spring element (5, 9), when in an idle state. 
According to the conception of the invention, a flow chamber (2.1) and an annular gap extending at least partially in a concentric manner around the flow chamber (2.1) are arranged between the inlet channel (2) and the outlet channel (3). 
The annular gap (3.1) and the flow chamber (2.1) can be used in an alternating manner for the admission and discharge of the gas into and out of the throttle area (10). 
The two closing elements are displaced in an axial manner in the same direction or in a counter direction in order to achieve an open position thereof and a closed position thereof, according to the design options 
In the method of the present invention a plastic article (e.g., a molded article of thermoplastic polycarbonate) is immersed at least partially in a dye bath which includes one or more dyes, water, at least one carrier, and at least one diol. 
The dye bath contains: (i) at least one dye (e.g., a static and/or photochromic dye); (ii) water; (iii) at least one carrier represented by the following general formula I, R-O-(CH2)n-OH wherein R is a radical selected from linear or branched C1-C18 alkyl, benzyl, benzoyl and phenyl, and n is 2 or 3; and (iv) a diol selected from at least one of linear or branched C2-C20 aliphatic diols, poly(C2-C4 alkylene glycol), cycloaliphatic diols having from 5 to 8 carbon atoms in the cyclic ring, monocyclic aromatic diols, bisphenols and hydrogenated bisphenols. 
In an embodiment of the present invention, the carrier is ethyleneglycol butyl ether, and the diol is diethylene glycol. 
The present invention also relates to a method of separating the dye from the water, carrier and diol components of the dye bath, by contacting the dye bath with particulate activated carbon 
The invention relates to a novel high-titre retroviral vector and transduction methods. More specifically, the invention relates to novel retroviral vectors that can produce high-titre, non-replicative, infectious retroviral particles and to methods of using said particles for the transfer of gene constructions of interest. 
In particular, the invention relates to retroviral vectors which are derived from MoMLV and which comprise a nucleotide sequence that is characterised by general formula: 5'-[CMV-R-U5]-[PBS]-[SD]-Psi+-[MCS2]-[SA]-[MCS]-[PPT]-[LTR]-3', as well as the uses of said vectors. 
The invention relates to an ink composition comprising a specific dye for ink jet recording that comprise azo dyes in the hydrazone tantomeric form or mixture of hydrazone and azo forms 
A compound of the formula (I) is disclosed as an HIV protease inhibitor. 
Methods and compositions for inhibiting an HIV infection are also disclosed 
The present invention is directed to a ball panel for use in a load handling system such as aircraft cargo hold. 
The ball panel comprises a top skin (12) having at least one raised support (16). 
The ball panel also comprises a corrugation (30) and a bottom skin (50). 
The top skin is supported by the corrugation, which has a plurality of side walls (36), flanges (32) and folded ends (34). 
The raised support (16) can be an annular ring, having a ramp (20) between the top skin (13) and a ball transfer unit (500) 
The present invention relates to a prefabricated boat. 
The prefabricated boat comprises a body part being composed of a plurality of division members capable of being assembled, an armor part for wrapping around and fixing the body part assembled into a single body, and an air tube mounted on a desired position of the inner face of the armor part. 
The armor part has the form of a bag and is provided with an opening for receiving the plurality of division members constituting the body part. 
Air is injected into the air tube to expand it in the state that the armor part wraps around the body part. 
Due to the expansion force of the air tube, the division members constituting the body part are fixed firmly, thereby preventing the relative movements between the division members 
The invention relates to a setting device, particularly a motor vehicle parking brake, comprising a telescopic device (2; 3), which can be axially displaced by a setting unit (10) in a housing (1) or the like and which contains a hollow shaft (2) and a spindle shaft (3). This spindle shaft is axially connected to the hollow shaft in a manner that enables it to rotate and advance and actuates a brake cable (4). The setting device also comprises an axial advancing support between the hollow shaft (2) and the housing (1) via at least one elastic element (5) serving as a force sensor when the brake is pulled or in the event of a blocked brake release. 
According to one embodiment, a second elastic element (6) is provided for recognizing blocking of the brake cable (4) during an attempt to release the brake and, accordingly, after the release in tension of the first elastic element (5) 
The inflatable cushion (10) of the present invention includes at least two panels (12a, b) and one or more heat shield strips (16). 
Each panel (12) has an inflatable region (18a, b), an attachment region (22a, b), and a peripheral edge. 
The attachment region (22a, b) is positioned between the peripheral edge (26a, b) and the inflatable region (18a, b) of each panel (12). 
An inward fold (30a, b) is disposed between the inflatable region (18a, b) and the attachment region (22a, b) of each panel. 
The attachment regions (22a, b) of each panel (12) are disposed proximate each other. 
A heat shield strip (16) is disposed on a portion of the attachment region (22a, b) and the inflatable region (18a, b) of the same panel (12). 
A secure fastener (46) secures the attachment regions (22a, b) of each adjacent panel (12a, b) together and secures the heat shield strip (16) to the attachment region (22a, b) on which it is disposed. 
A frangible fastener (52) secures the heat shield strip (16) to the adjacent inflatable region (18a, b) on which it is positioned 
The aim of the invention is to produce a flame-resistant veneer or composite material having different core materials (4) without adding salts or other commercial fire-retardant materials. 
To this end, liquid is drawn out from the pores of the veneer (1) by heat treatment and is replaced by resin, and the veneer is, if required, subsequently subjected to a refining process 
A method for coating the internal surfaces of a reaction vessel having a small internal diameter comprises the steps of (i) introducing into the reaction vessel a solution of one or more monomers in a suitable solvent; (ii) introducing a flow of an inert gas through the reaction vessel; and (iii) initiating polymerisation of the monomer solution 
The invention relates to a method and the corresponding installation for the elimination of volatile organic compounds using microwave plasma. The inventive method is performed using a system in which the volatile organic compounds are injected directly into the plasma in an axial manner and together with the plasmogen gas in a controlled environment which fills the interior of the reactor in which the process takes place. 
The inventive installation comprises: a system for the introduction of the volatile organic compounds, a plasma-generating device, a reactor, a gas extraction pump and different complementary elements. 
The invention is suitable for use in the technical field relating to the treatment and/or processing of waste from industry or other sectors 
Title element and its acid addition salts and derivatives are physiologically acceptable, essential and are readily converted to acceptable counter parts by established procedures, they are pharmacologically active on the liver, lungs, hematopoetic system and all body s ystems and a re thus useful when administered to warm blooded animals to induce detoxification of many endogenous and exogenous metabolites. 
They are useful in terminating diseases associated with Glutathione S Transferase and Epoxide Hydrolase disorders. 
These compounds are prepared as elemental or as salts or as acid addition salts and derivatives compounds. 
They are simply elemental or compounded into different dosage - multi form medicament compositions 
A display apparatus (200) includes a substrate (218) and a number of light emitting diodes (LEDs) (202) coupled to the substrate. 
An optical element (215, 216, 217) such as a shroud or an integrator rod is located adjacent to at least one of the LEDs. 
In operation, the optical element and the LEDs are movable relative to one another so that the optical element is adjacent to different ones of the LEDs at different times 
A method and apparatus of sorting plant products based on damage to the plant products is disclosed. 
A beam emitter emits an illumination light toward the outer surface of a plant product. 
A beam detector detects substantially a single wavelength of a reflected light produced by the plant product responsive to the illumination light. 
A control unit determines at least one of a presence, an amount, and a severity of damage responsive to the reflected light. 
The control unit assigns a damage category to the plant product responsive to the determination of damage 
A dynamic color mixing LED device that includes a plurality of light emitting diode units. 
Each light emitting diode unit includes e.g. a first LED of a first color (e.g. red) and a second LED of a second color (e.g. green). 
A third LED of a third color (e.g. blue can also be provided). 
A controller supplies respective driving signals to each of the first LED, second LED, and third LEDs individually. 
The respective driving signals individually control relative intensity outputs of the respective first LED, second LED, and third LED. 
With such an individual control each of the light emitting diode units can be controlled to output different color signals 
The present invention provides a lockable handle assembly for a window or door comprising: a handle member, the handle member having a lockable position to lock a window or door, the handle member being moveable away from the lockable position in order to open the window or door; a handle mounting to which the handle member is pivotally connected ; a locking device having a locked condition for preventing movement of the handle away from the lockable position and an unlocked condition for allowing movement of the handle away from the lockable position and being resiliently biased to the locked condition, wherein the locking device is exposed to be demountable from the handle assembly when the handle member is turned substantially beyond its normal operational angle of opening movement but is otherwise trapped by the handle mounting against removal 
Methods and apparatus for varying one or more internally generated voltages of a memory device based on the temperature of the memory device are provided. 
The device temperature may be measured directly, for example, via an on-chip temperature sensor, or may be supplied as bits in a mode register containing temperature information 
A resonance security tag (1) comprises a dielectric foil material (2) provided with conductive material layer patterns (3-7) on both sides. 
The conductive material layer patterns are formed to provide an inductor (3) and a capacitor (4, 6) positioned inside the inductor (3), and mutually connected to form a resonance circuit. 
By cutting (9) the capacitor (4, 6) free of the dielectric foil material (2) and folding the capacitor (4, 6) away from the position inside the inductor (3), this part is left free for the penetration of magnetic flux through the inductor (3), whereby the detection level is improved and a possibility of reducing the size of the resonance security tag is provided 
The invention relates to a method and device for analysis of a fused material by optical emission spectroscopy, for example, a fused metal such as cast iron or steel, or a slag, a glass, or a lava. 
A sensing element with at least one emission spectrometer and at least one excitation device is used to generate the activation of the material for analysis and to permit the generation of a radiation for analysis in the spectrometer provided in the sensing element. 
Said sensing element is brought into contact with the fused material for analysis and transmits information, comprising analysis elements, provided by a spectrometer. 
The invention further relates to a dipping sensor 
The invention relates to a method for determining alleles of the allele group 27 of locus B of the human leukocyte antigen (HLA-B27) from a nucleic acid sample and to a kit for implementing such method. 
The kit is comprised of allele-specific primers used in the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) in real time, and fluorescently marked allele-specific probes, or an intercalary agent, to detect fluorescence signals. 
The analysis is completed with the determination of the temperatures of fusion of amplified sequences of nucleic acids. 
The invention overcomes the limitations of conventional methods for DNA-based typification, in terms of time, possibility of automation, and increase of the resolution, while reducing the number of PCR reactions. 
It is useful for example to determine the predisposition to a specific disease 
It is an object of the present invention to provide an insert (1) suitable for being placed in a wall, ceiling or other element wherein an electrical installation means such as a lamp socket or the like may be fitted. 
Ventilation means (6) are provided inside the insert (1) such that air current may be created and further that the air current may be led past the electrical installation (15), such that the overall heat accumulation inside the device may be drastically reduced 
Human blastocyst-derived stem cells (hBS) or hBS derived cells, such as, e.g., cells of endodermal, mesodermal, and ectodermal origin, are pluripotent cells with widespread potentials within the areas of e.g. therapeutic treatment, human developmental biology, and drug discovery processes. 
The present invention relates to a method for clonal derivation of human blastocyst-derived stem cells (hBS) or hBS derived cells. 
According to the present invention hBS cell colonies or hBS derived cell colonies are subjected to non-enzymatic treatment for dissociation of the cell colonies to one or more single cells, which are then separately cultivated in a serum based medium and/or serum based conditioned medium to obtain one or more cell clones capable of forming colonies 
The invention relates to mutant nucleic acids and proteins from the metabolic pathway of fine chemicals, methods for the production of genetically modified production organisms, methods for the production of fine chemicals by cultivating said genetically modified organisms, and said genetically modified organisms 
The invention provides a steering assembly (10, 10a) including a first shaft (28, 28a) having a first longitudinal axis (29, 29a). The steering assembly (10, 10a) also includes a second shaft (32, 32a) having a second longitudinal axis (33, 33a). 
The first and second longitudinal axis (29, 29a, 33, 33a) are transverse and offset with respect one another. 
The first and second shafts (28, 28a, 32, 32a) are engaged at an intersection (35, 35a) such that the second shaft (32, 32a) translates along the second longitudinal axis (33, 33a) in response to rotation of the first shaft (28, 28a) about the first longitudinal axis (29, 29a). 
The steering assembly (10, 10a) also includes a bearing member (34, 34a, 34b, 34c) contacting the second shaft (32, 32a). 
The bearing member (34, 34a) is moveable along a bearing axis (37, 37a) extending transverse to both of the first and second longitudinal axis (33, 33a) at the intersection (35, 35a) to support the second shaft (32, 32a). 
The steering assembly (10, 10a) also includes an adjustment member (36, 36a, 36b) adjustably spaced from the bearing member (34, 34a, 34b, 34c) along the bearing axis (37, 37a). 
The adjustment member (36, 36a, 36b) limits movement of the bearing member (34, 34a, 34b, 34c) along the bearing axis (37, 37a) 
The invention relates to a nozzle device adapted for placement against a skin surface of a subject, the nozzle device providing a means for stretching the skin, the nozzle device being suitable for use in jet injection. 
More specifically, the skin stretching means is arranged circumferentially relative to a nozzle, the skin stretching means having an initial first configu-ration corresponding to an initial state in which the skin stretching means is adapted to be placed against a skin surface of the subject, the skin stretching means being moveable to a second configuration, wherein movement of the skin stretching means to the second configu-ration after the skin stretching means has been placed against the skin of the subject results in the skin being stretched relative to the outlet nozzle 
The invention relates to a cartridge for a delivery device, the cartridge comprising a drug res-ervoir, a displaceable portion and a transmission liquid whereby an external expelling force can be transmitted from the displaceable portion to the reservoir via the transmission liquid. 
The cartridge may be used in a delivery device to improve interaction between external force-generating expelling means and the reservoir. 
Advantageously, the cartridge may be used in combination with an impulse generating jet injection device 
The present invention concerns a method for treating insomnia in a human patient in need thereof by administering to said patient an amount of gaboxadol per day, said amount being effective for the treatment of insomnia 
The aim of the invention is to provide a dish washing machine which enables that only the basic chemical products necessary for particular needs, particularly basic chemical products of all-round products, require being added into the washing compartment. 
To this end, the invention provides a dish washing machine in which it is possible to independently add at least one basic chemical product (A, B, C, D, E) not used for clear rinsing and/or at least two basic chemical products (A, B, C, D, E) together, however not all basic chemical products (A, B, C, D, E) of an all-round product together, and/or a reaction mixture (R) consisting of basic chemical products (A, B, C, D, E) 
The invention relates to an arrangement for the filling and/or emptying of containers (13), filled and/or for filling with articles, essentially comprising at least one manipulation device (11), for transporting the containers (13) which are filled and/or for filling, between a store (15, 16, 17, 18) and a device (12, 14), for altering the filled state of the container (13) and at least one store (15 to 18), for housing containers (13) which are filled and/or for filling, characterised in that the arrangement (10) is embodied as a closed unit, such that the manipulation device (11) is enclosed by the at least one device (12, 14) for altering the filled state of the container and the at least one store (15 to 18) in a cellular manner 
The present invention relates to a method for improving the textural properties of a non-dairy food product by using a combination of hyaluronic acid and a second texturizing agent for producing the food product 
A plant (1) and method for enzymatic hydrolysis of a reaction mixture (23) comprising a batch of at least partly hydrolysable animal or vegetable components (26) or a mixture of these components. 
The plant comprises a reactor (2) having a feed orifice (7) and a base section (6) having a bottom orifice (9), a pump (11) and a mixer (12) provided in or close to the bottom orifice (9) for leading a partial volume of the reaction mixture (23) out through the bottom orifice (9) of the reactor (2) when the pump (11) is in operation. 
The reaction mixture is recirculated for a hydrolysis period through a recirculation pipe (16) to the base section (8) of the reactor (2) in such a way that the hot fat phase settles uppermost in the reactor and is kept intact while the pump and mixer are in operation. 
After hydrolysis the reaction mixture (23) is left for phase separation into a solid phase (26), an aqueous phase (25), and a fat phase (24), respectively. 
The liquid phases (24, 25) are drained off as pure, clear phases through the solid phase (26) which functions as a filter 
A batch plant (1) serves for enzymatic hydrolysis of at least partly hydrolysable animal or vegetable components or a mixture of these components. 
The batch plant comprises a reactor (2), which is formed as a round bottom trough (2) with an open top section (7), a bottom (10), two opposite sidewalls (11, 12) and a first (8) and a second opposite end walls. 
The reactor furthermore has a mixer (13) mounted on a rotatable axle (15) suspended between the end walls (8, 9) at a distance from the bottom (10). 
The depth h of the trough (2) is so much larger than the total length (2x) of the at least one mixer (13) that the fat phase (24) of the liquid enzymatic hydrolysate rests above the rotation top point of the at least one mixer (13) with a distance (y) which is larger than zero. 
The reaction mixture is enzymatically hydrolysed at a constant temperature and time. 
Thereafter the enzyme is inactivated and the mixture rests to phase separation. 
The separated phases are drained of one after the other without the outlet being blocked 
The present invention relates to a method for improving the textural properties of a dairy product by using a combination of hyaluronic acid and a second texturizing agent for producing the dairy product, and to a dairy product comprising hyaluronic acid and a second texturizing agent. 
Dairy-derived food products comprising about 0,01 - 20% dairy protein, particularly beverages, such as milk/juice blends, yogurt-based drinks, fermented milk beverages, and soft drinks, are disclosed. 
These compositions contain a stabilizing mixture comprising metal (in the form of ions, salts or oxides) such as zinc or magnesium, either alone or together with an adjunct component such as ascorbic acid. 
These beverage products do not form off-flavors when they are exposed to sunlight or fluorescent light. This provides for more efficient and inexpensive manufacture of the products and eliminates the need for expensive opaque packing materials 
A prepreg sheet having a base material and a resin with which the base material is impregnated is prepared. 
A laminated sheet is obtained by laminating a metal foil on the prepreg sheet. 
The laminated sheet is placed on a heater the temperature of which is kept at a temperature in proximity to the softening point of the resin and compressed at a predetermined pressure and at the temperature. 
The metal foil on the laminated sheet and the prepreg sheet are bonded together and the resin is cured. 
In this way a circuit board is obtained. 
This method stabilizes the resistivity value of a conductive paste placed in a through hole even when a prepreg sheet has a low compression ratio 
Bidirectional differential point to point simultaneous high speed signalling is provided between integrated circuits with highly effective echo canceling. 
Each integrated circuit comprises a transmitter for transmitting a first signal to another integrated circuit and a receiver for receiving a second signal from the other integrated circuit. 
The transmitter has an output buffer; a receiver has a receiver buffer and is co-located on the same integrated circuit; and a signal processing circuit is coupled between the input of the transmitter buffer and the output of the receiver buffer. 
To increase the quality of receiving the second signal, a third signal adjusted in phase and amplitude is coupled at the output of the receive buffer, so that the echoing of the first signal is canceled. 
Preferably, the rise time of the third signal is also adjusted 
A mechanism for calibrating a scanning probe microscope is presented. The calibration mechanism operates to apply an input signal to an actuator to cause acceleration of the actuator and to measure a value indicative of deflection of a cantilever attached to the actuator, as a result of the actuator acceleration. 
The measured deflection value is used to determine a corresponding value of actuator displacement 
[PROBLEMS] To prevent privacy invasion performed according to a unique identifier which has been read. 
[MEANS FOR SOLVING PROBLEMS] A pseudo-RFID transmission device for transmitting a pseudo identifier (RFID) for disturbing an invader is provided to an individual user. 
When an RFID transmission instruction is received from a tag reader (SA1), a variable type pseudo RFID different from the one which has been transmitted previously is transmitted (SA3 to SA5) and different RFID is transmitted each time for the same person. 
The respective pseudo RFID transmission devices are grouped into a plurality of types, so that the pseudo RFID transmission devices belonging to the same group transmit their variable type pseudo RFID while increasing the possibility to transmit common pseudo RFID matched with one another. 
An area is specified for each group and the respective pseudo RFID transmission devices are provided to individual users, so that the same RFID may be transmitted for the same person 
The invention ensures safety during detection and neutralization of explosive ammunition (EA) or safe storage of blasting cartridges. 
The explosive ammunition impact containment device comprises structural components as one or more chambers, and a fragment shield. 
The components are filled with a wave­absorbing substance, are arranged in a closed circuit in their horizontal cross-section, and form an open-bottom effective cavity to contain an explosive ammunition. 
Provision is made for the cavity's full or partial isolation from the ambient space with one of the components. 
The components are designed as a set of screen modules and a cover module. 
The screen modules are arranged symmetrically in relation to a common vertical axis, with gaps, and on one plane. 
The cover module is freely installed on the end or above the end of the smallest screen module, enabling its free traveling upwards under the impact of the exploded ammunition. 
The effective cavity is formed by the inner walls of the smallest module and the cover module. 
In special recommended embodiments of the invention: -the screen modules have different heights, - the screen modules and the cover module are of a multi-layered design, using a formed wave - absorbing substance, loose granulated dispersant, fragment protection screens in reinforced sheathes, and a strong pliable case, - the screens are designed as interconnected packages of membranes fixed along their periphery, and arranged predominantly checker-wise, with the layers relatively displaced 
The specification discloses a robot for inspection adapted to travel virtually unlimited distances through small-diameter enclosed spaces such as conduits or ducts, preferably using a fluid-driven screw-drive propulsion system. 
The robot preferably includes a plurality of wheels inclined at an angle greater than zero degrees and less than ninety degrees to the longitudinal axis of the pipe, a plurality of wheels aligned parallel to the longitudinal axis of the pipe, and a power system for causing relative rotation of the sections bearing the pitched and non-pitched wheels. 
The robot may include internal fluid flow passages, notched wheels, multiple retractable wheels, and is configured so as to have an operating diameter less than six and preferably less than two inches 
A non-fragmenting pressure relief apparatus includes a rupture disc having a central bulged or flat section and a peripheral flange portion. 
Certain embodiments of the invention have a butterfly shaped element having two wing panels attached to the underside of a rupture disc of the apparatus. 
A line of weakness of major length extends around the periphery of the central section of a disc and C-shaped end region lines of weakness in the wing panels, which define a hinge portion of the disc therebetween, first converge and then diverge from one another, and connect with the major line of weakness. 
Application of an overpressure to the rupture disc apparatus causes the entire line of weakness to sever including the end region lines of weakness whereby divergence of the opening force at the hinge portion of the disc prevents separation of the central section of the disc from the peripheral portion of the disc. 
In another embodiment, the butterfly shaped element is omitted and the C-shaped end region lines of weakness are provided in the central section of the disc 
The present invention is directed at a pullhead/reamer for use in digging a hole in the ground; comprising a first end (22) shaped to receive a mandrel struts, connecting the first end to the second end, the struts defining a set of open flutes (48) therewithin; and a set of slurry jets (50); wherein when the pullhead/reamer is in use, the set of slurry jets release a pressurized liquid to mix with the ground producing a slurry which enters the pullhead/reamer via the open flutes 
The invention relates to producing a non-woven roll material and can be used for reinforcing road surfacing. 
Said invention makes it possible to produce an isotropic non-woven material exhibiting stable physico-mechanical characteristics in cyclic load conditions. 
The aim is achieved by forming a material provided with biaxial composite flexible structure which comprises two groups of discretely oriented fibres which are retained by a binder. 
Said two fibre groups form a three-layer structure in such a way that one fibre group is placed between the fibres of the other group. 
The fibres are embodied in the form of a glass roving whose linear density is equal to or greater than 400 tex. 
Prior to fibre netting, the group of longitudinal fibres is divided into sub-groups one of which is impregnated. 
Afterwards, the cross fibres are arranged between the top and lower longitudinal fibre subgroups in mutually perpendicular directions. 
Finally, heat treating, re-impregnating by the binder and drying till a residual moisture is equal to or less than 0.5 mass % are successively carried out 
The invention discloses methods, compositions and kits for stabilizing a solubilized phenyl phosphate, preferably paranitrophenyl phosphate (PNPP), using charcoal. 
Also disclosed are methods, compositions and kits for recycling solubilized phenyl phosphate, preferably PNPP, that has an absorbance of less than 0.1 when measured at 405 nm due to non-enzymatic hydrolysis 
The present invention relates to a preparation method of an L-threonine producing strain by utilizing a novel L-threonine importer identified from Corynebacterium glutamicum. 
The method can be advantageously used for the production of L-threonine by increasing the fermentation concentration of L­threonine and the yield per unit thereof 
Homogenous, aqueous, energy curable printing ink compositions containing metallic colorants 
A polyalkyl benzimide polymeric dispersant which is the reaction product of a polyisobutylene amine with 1,2,4-benzenetricarboxylic anhydride, and method of preparing same. 
A pigment dispersion containing at least about 45 wt.% of pigment and the polyalkyl benzimide polymeric dispersant 
This invention relates to compounds of the formula (I) wherein J, M, G, m, X, R', R<2>, R<4>, R<5>, R<6>, R<7>, R<8>, R<9>, Y, n, z, and R" are defined as in the specification, pharmaceutical compositions containing them and their use in the treatment of central nervous system and other disorders 
Non-fragmenting pressure relief apparatus includes at least one circular rupture disc having a central asymmetric bulged section and a peripheral flange portion. 
A semi-circular line of weakness extends around the periphery of the bulged section and presents a hinge portion between the ends of the line of weakness. 
A hold-down member for the rupture disc having an inner opening surrounding the bulged section of the disc is provided with a unitary segment that extends into the inner opening of the hold-down member. 
The spaced end extremities of the line of weakness extend beneath the hold-down member segment. 
The hinge portion of the disc upon rupture of the disc bends about a fulcrum defined by the outer margin of the hold-down segment, which in conjunction with deflection of the segment of the hold-down member contributes to anti-fragmentation of the disc 
The invention can be defined in its most general form as a 3-D light core from sheet material, especially from "NOMEX" polymeric paper, and can be used in production of sandwich panels as applied in aircraft production, construction and other branches of industry.With the aim to improve the core mechanical and unit weight properties, the paper base is perforated thereby increasing the base-binder bonding strength, whereof the binder is applied onto both sides of the base to increase its structure rigidity, owing to bonding of binder layers in-between at the locations of the holes. 
The quantity of the holes and their diameter are defined in a formula 
It used as carrier of bioactive substances of natural origin like dry herb extracts or combinations thereof, other vegetable products as essential oils, fruit concentrates, animal products as bee products, added to vitamins combinations, said product ensuring bacteria proliferation and growth when stored and after intake. 
The bioactive products can be stored for period 2 to 3 years without the probiotic losing its activity. 
In the gastrointestinal tract they can colonize supplying the body with useful substances resulting from their metabolism ensuring fast transportation of bioactive substances to body's cells. 
It contains low-lactose sour-milk product, low-lactose hydrolyzate with more than 95% degraded milk casein, saccharose, pectin, full-cream or skimmed low-lactose cow's milk fermented using selected strains of Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus, and additionally lyophilized monoculture of Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus or lyophilized mixture of monocultures of Lactobacillus bulgaricus, Lactobacillus acidophilus, Streptococcus thermophilus, Lactobacillus lactis and dextrose 
The present invention provides compositions for the intranasal administration of granisetron or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof. 
Preferred compositions of the invention are in the form of an aqueous solution. 
Optionally, the compositions of the invention comprise chitosan, a salt or derivative thereof or a salt of a derivative of chitosan. 
The compositions can be used for the treatment or prevention of nausea and/or vomiting 
The present invention provides a pharmacological agent based on derivatives of hydrogenated pyrido (4,3-b) indoles and uses thereof. 
Specifically, the invention provides a geroprotector in the series of hydrogenated pyrido (4,3-b) indoles (several derivatives), which can be used for slowing aging, prolonging lifespan of an individual or cells in an individual, and/or improving quality of life of an individual developing or having a risk of developing age-associated manifestations and/or pathologies 
Apparatus and methods are provided for use in filtering emboli from a vessel, wherein a vascular filter is disposed on a guide wire, the vascular filter having a support hoop disposed from a suspension strut so as to permit lateral eccentric displacement of the support hoop relative to a longitudinal axis of the guide wire. 
A blood permeable sac is affixed to the support hoop to form a mouth of the blood permeable sac. 
The support hoop is disposed obliquely relative to the guide wire and is capable of being properly used in a wide range of vessel diameters. 
The support hoop collapses the mouth of the blood permeable sac during removal of the vascular filter to prevent material from escaping from the sac. 
A delivery sheath and introducer sheath for use with the vascular filter of the present invention are also provided 
A therapeutic system includes a guide catheter having a lumen, a sheath having an elongate body that has a lumen and an angled distal end, with the sheath extending through the lumen of the guide catheter, and a catheter extending through the lumen of the sheath. 
The sheath can be advanced independently beyond the distal end of the catheter, or retracted proximal from the distal end of the catheter. 
The sheath can also be torqued to redirect the angled distal end of the sheath 
A product dispenser (10) for dispensing a use solution from a solid product includes a chamber (11) having a front (12), a back (15), and a bottom (16). 
The chamber (11) defines a cavity (20) configured and arranged to receive a solid product and a diluent. 
An inlet (21) proximate the back (15) of the chamber (11) is configured and arranged to receive the diluent, and an outlet portion (26) is in fluid communication with the inlet (21). 
The outlet portion (26) spans a length of the back (15) and includes a plurality of apertures (27) along he length of the back (15). 
The plurality of apertures (27) allows diluent to fan out along the bank (15), flow down the back (15), and cascade evenly with relatively even pressure from proximate the back (15) toward proximate the front (12) of the chamber (11). 
A use solution outlet (32) proximate the bottom (16) and the front (12) of the chamber (11) allows diluent and a use solution to exit the chamber 
The details of an apparatus and method are disclosed for setting the Uplink RRC message sequence number for a new integrity protection configuration to be applied for signalling radio bearer RBO, on completion of a UTRAN MOBILITY INFORMATION procedure. 
The sequence number is set to a value such that the next RRC message to be sent on uplink RB0 will use the new integrity protection configuration 
The details of an apparatus and method are disclosed for ensuring that a traffic volume measurement message does not have a validity of CELL_DCH when the user equipment in a UMTS communications system is in CELL_FACH state. 
The validity is set to other than CELL_DCH at a UTRAN or the UE rejects a message having a validity of CELL_­DCH when the UE is in CELL_FACH state 
This invention relates to a method, a computer program, a computer program product, and a device for reducing motion blur of images of a video signal shown on a hold - type display (101), comprising estimating (1102) motion vectors of moving components in said images of said video signal; band-pass filtering (1100, 1101) said video signal with respect to a spatial frequency domain, wherein said band-pass filtering at least partially depends on said estimated motion vectors, and wherein with increasing length of said estimated motion vectors, the passband of said band-pass filtering adaptively shifts from high spatial frequencies to medium spatial frequencies; and combining (1104) said video signal and said band-pass filtered video signal to produce an input video signal for said hold-type display 
Disclosed is a semiconductor light-receiving device which is sufficiently reduced in size while maintaining the mechanical strength. 
The semiconductor light-receiving device comprises a layered structure and a glass substrate. 
The layered structure is composed of an antireflective film, an n-type (first conductivity type) high-concentration carrier layer, an n-type light-absorbing layer and an n-type cap layer sequentially placed on top of one another. 
A glass substrate is bonded to the antireflective film side of the layered structure via a silicon oxide film. 
The glass substrate is optically transparent to the incident light 
A method of cleaning semiconductor substrate conductive layer surface which can remove a residual organic material and a natural oxide satisfactorily and does not adversely affect a k value without damaging the side-wall insulation film of a via hole. 
A semiconductor device, comprising insulation films (2, 3) formed on the surface of the conductive layer (1) of a semiconductor substrate and a via hole (4) formed in the insulation film (3) to partly expose the conductive layer (1), is carried into a reaction vessel, plasma including hydrogen is generated in the reaction vessel to clean the surface of the conductive layer (1) at the bottom of the via hole (4), a residual organic material (6) is decomposed and removed by ashing, and a copper oxide film (7) on the surface of the conductive layer (1) is reduced to Cu 
Briefly, in accordance with an embodiment of the invention, an apparatus and method to improve memory performance is provided. 
The method may include performing a read cycle that includes a destructive read operation and a write back operation, wherein the destructive read operation includes reading information from a first memory cell of a memory and wherein the write back operation includes writing the information read from the first memory cell to a second memory cell of the memory 
An information recording medium (21) of an optical information reproduction device includes a recording unit (3) where information can be recorded 3-dimensionally and a track is provided. 
A plurality of recording marks are formed along the track by the mark length recording method so that information is recorded. 
When the track direction of the recording mark is assumed to be a longitudinal direction and the direction vertical to the track direction is assumed to be a lateral direction, the following can be said about the recording marks arranged substantially on the same plane: the total area of the recording marks of prolonged shapes having the length of longitudinal direction greater than the length of the horizontal direction is greater than the total area of the recording marks other than the prolonged shapes. 
The optical information reproduction device further includes: a first light source (20a) for emitting a reproduction light (22b) having a wavelength lambda1; an objective lens (6) for converting the reproduction light to the recording unit; and a first photo-detector (19a) for detecting a reproduction signal from the reflected light from the recording unit. 
The reproduction light converged includes, as a main component, a polarization component for polarization to the vertical direction with respect to the track direction. 
Moreover, the recording unit has a track pitch which is equal to the wavelength lambda1 of the reproduction light multiplied by 1.3 or less 
A constructional toy comprising a substantially spherical support on which is carried a representation of a terrestial globe parts of the surface of which are provided by removable representations of land and/or sea areas 
A candle with a decorative light element is provided. 
A light emitting device is disposed within the main body of the candle, and a sensor connected to the light emitting device detects the presence of a flame on the wick. 
When a flame is detected by the sensor, the light emitting device is activated. 
The portion of the candle from which the wick projects is preferably substantially opaque, and the portion of the candle in which the light emitting device is disposed is preferably at east partially light transmissible or translucent, so that the glow of the flame does not interfere with the glow of the light emitting device within the candle 
The present invention provides a liquid laundry detergent composition, comprising surfactant material other than fatty acid soap, an effective amount of a water-soluble dye, an enzyme and from 1% to 20% wt of fatty acid soap having from 12 to 20 C atoms, wherein at least 1% by weight (based on the liquid composition) of the fatty acid soap is unsaturated. 
In addition said composition comprises from 0.01% to 3% wt of a perfume composition and from 0.001% to 2% by weight of an antioxidant. 
It was found that the colour characteristics of said composition do not deteriorate during storage 
The production of solid lubricant agglomerates by combining solid lubricant powder, an inorganic binder, other fillers if optionally desired, and a liquid to form a mixture, and driving off the liquid to form dry agglomerates which are subsequently classified by size or milled and classified by size to yield agglomerates of a desired size range. 
These agglomerates are then treated to stabilize the binder, thereby strengthening the binder and rendering it nondispersible in the liquid. 
The undesired size ranges can be readily recycled because the agglomerates with untreated binder can be reprocessed, thereby promoting high recovery rates 
The invention is directed to a ethylene copolymer having: a density higher than 940 kg/m<3> (according to ISO1183), an ESCR higher than 100 hours (according to DSM method STAC 100-1106), a high-load melt index (HLMI) lower than 30 g/10 min (according to ISO 1133), a die swell at 1600 s<-1> lower than 4 (according to ISO 11443) and MW / Mn of at least 28 (according to size exclusion chromatography). 
The invention is also directed to an olefin polymerisation process for the preparation of the ethylene copolymers by polymerising ethylene and at least one olefin comonomer having between three and ten carbon atoms per molecule in a single reactor in the presence of an unmodified silica-supported chromium catalyst having an average pore diameter larger than 15 nanometers and having a specific surface area of at least 550 m<2>/gram 
The present invention provides compounds of formula (I), their use as PARP inhibitors as well as pharmaceutical compositions comprising said compounds of formula (I) wherein n, R<1>, R<2>, R<3>, R<4>, R<5>, R<6> and X have defined meanings 
The invention relates to a compound based on cellulosic fibre of natural origin, comprising a biodegradable matrix and light cementing agents (lime, cement, plaster and magnesium hydroxide), which can be used as thermal insulation or as a raw material in the production of bricks, breeze blocks, panels, caissons and boards or agglomerates for the construction of dwellings and buildings. 
The material, which has insulation and acoustic properties, is not corrosive, reactive, toxic, inflammable or infectious. 
The purpose of said compound is to provide biodegradable, renewable materials having a reduced environmental impact in terms of construction. 
Moreover, the material retains the mechanical strength characteristics of standard materials 
An apparatus for removing a wrapper from a package of information carriers such as a box for CDs, DVDs or video, provided with push means (6), friction means (11) and pull means (18), wherein the friction means define an opening (9) in which, with the aid of the push means, a package (4) with wrapper (13) can be slid in a first direction from a first side towards an opposite, second side such that friction occurs between the wrapper and the friction means such that the wrapper is substantially arrested by the friction means when the package is being pushed into the opening, the pull means being arranged on the second side of the friction means and comprising at least one clamp for engaging the package on a part thereof released by the wrapper, and pulling the package from the opening in the first direction 
During in situ electroremediation of soil electric fields generated by electrodes (10, 12) that are located in the soil are used to move contamination, complexing agents, chemical reagents and/or nutrients through soil or to heat the soil. 
Control of the voltages and/or currents on or through the electrodes (10, 12) is used to prevent electrode clogging problems, to reduce unnecessary power consumption and/or to prevent boiling. 
In one aspect (electrokinetic remediation and electro heating) the current through selected electrodes (10, 12) is temporarily stepped down if the onset of clogging and or boiling is detected from an increase in the electrical resistances from an electrode into the soil. 
Preferably an effect of soil resistivity changes on the detection is removed by using sensing electrodes (14a, 14b) in the soil. 
In another aspect (elektrokinetic (bio) fence / screen) the voltage or current is adapted dependent on measured groundwater flow speed changes, so that the method remains effective with minimum power consumption. 
In yet another aspect (electrokinetic phyto remediation) polarity reversals of the current are timed using cumulative current measurements 
A filter system including a method for self cleaning the filter system of an electronic equipment enclosure (10) where air flow is monitored wither by monitoring fan performance or air flow velocity through the enclosure. 
The system includes two filters elements, an upstream ASHRAE or HEPA filter element (22) to block particulate matter and a downstream PTFE filter element (24) to block water vapor. 
The ASHRAE or HEPA filter elements is relatively inexpensive and easy to clean. 
The PTFE filter element is more expensive and difficult to clean. 
Thus, the cheaper filter is used to protect the more expensive filter from contaminants and to increase its useful life. 
The method of self cleaning includes stopping the fan when a signal is received indicating a predetermined resistance to air flow which is a function of blockage of the filter elements, thereafter operating the fan an increased rotational velocity to determine whether the fan itself is malfunctioning, thereafter slowing and stopping the fan to allow the fan to be reversed, rotating the fan in reverse for a predetermined period of time, such as five minutes, thereafter slowing and stopping the fan and returning the fan to its usual rotational velocity and direction. 
If the resistance to air flow is still above a predetermined level, the fan is again slowed, stopped and reversed and then returned to normal operation. 
The reversal operation can be conducted a multiple number of times, however, after a predetermined number, a signal is sent requesting maintenance 
The invention relates to an apparatus for displacing persons from a sitting to a standing position and vice versa, comprising at least one substantially rigid carrying body for exerting a force on a person, wherein at least a part of the carrying body is adapted to engage on the person, and actuable displacing means coupled to the carrying body for displacing the carrying body such that, in the situation where he/she grips on the carrying body, the person undergoes a displacement from a sitting position to a standing position, or vice versa. 
The invention also relates to a method for displacing persons from a sitting to a standing position and vice versa, using such an apparatus 
The invention relates to an ophthalmic diagnostic apparatus, comprising a first body (6), for viewing from a given position (4) and a second body (7, 8), for viewing from said position (4), each embodied for display of ophthalmic test patterns, the second body (7, 8) for viewing, being arranged between the first body (6) for viewing and the given position (4). The apparatus further comprises a control module (5) for the first and second bodies for viewing, embodied for arranging said bodies in a first configuration in which the second body (7, 8) for viewing is in a condition giving symbols and the first body (6) for viewing is in a plain condition and a second configuration in which the second body (7, 8) for viewing is in a transparent condition and the first body (6) for viewing is in a condition giving symbols 
The present invention relates to a thin mouthfeel, calcium-fortified, beverage to be used to provide dietary calcium supplementation. 
Said thin mouthfeel calcium-fortified beverage has been calcium-fortified by means of a calcium (lactate) gluconate citrate. 
It has been found that calcium (lactate) gluconate citrate has a high dissolution rate, a very good taste and sufficient solubility for use in thin mouthfeel beverages. 
It even performs well as a calcium source in calcium-fortified waters and enhanced (near) water beverages in which the taste requirements are even more demanding than in normal soft drinks. 
The invention is also directed to calcium-fortified water and enhanced (near) water beverage comprising calcium (lactate) gluconate citrate 
The present invention relates to a calcium-­fortified, protein-based beverage to be used to provide dietary calcium supplementation. 
To this end, the present invention is directed to a calcium-fortified protein-based beverage characterized in that the beverage is calcium-fortified by means of a calcium (lactate) gluconate citrate. Within the context of the present invention protein-based beverage is defined as any beverage containing more than four or more grams of protein per serving and includes both beverages based on cow's milk, as well as on soy milk. 
The beverage according to the invention provides a bioavailable source of calcium and excellent solubility without negatively affecting taste, texture and protein stability. 
It was found that, in contrast to other conventional calcium salts, the calcium (lactate) gluconate citrate causes less denaturalization of the proteins. 
In addition, the fortified protein-based beverage of the present invention is suitable for use as an ingredient to use in any product where protein-based beverage is used, including but not limited to dry powdered milk such as infant formulas, hard cheese, cottage cheese, farmer's cheese, pot cheese, creamy soups, sauces, baked goods, puddings, yoghurts, ice creams, and nutritional drinks and shakes such as meal replacement beverages 
A reconfigurable partial response encoder manages the emitted spectrum of a digital signal 
A system and method for sensing position and/or displacement of a moving, substrate, ram, target, piston, encoder wheel or the like. 
The system comprises a plurality of transducers for generating two sinusoidal signals in quadrature related to the position and displacement of the substrate, ram or the like. 
Alternatively, the sinusoidal signals may be generated by other well-known means, such as by an optical encoder or the like. 
The two sinusoidal signals in quadrature are processed to provide enhanced resolution compared to conventional quadrature systems. 
The system is also capable of self-calibration in order to accommodate fluctuations in the two sinusoidal signals in quadrature 
The invention relates to a method for producing, using a computer, a number of mutually differing images suitable as decoration for an article, comprising the following steps of: creating on the computer an image comprising at least one object; performing in stepwise manner on the computer transformations of properties of the at least one object of this image, such as colour, position, texture; and printing onto a substrate the images, each thus obtained by the stepwise transformation; and arranging the substrate onto the article. 
By applying this method it is possible to obtain a large number of images, each per se unique, which can be used to decorate mass-produced articles such as watches. 
The invention also relates to a set of decorated articles which are decorated under the control of a computer program, which are obtained by a printing process controlled by a computer and exhibit small mutual differences 
The present invention provides a videophone for communication with eye contact, comprising a screen, a camera and a semi-transparent mirror. 
The screen is arranged at an angle ∝ relative to a support. 
The mirror lies at an angle of 45° relative to the screen, whereby the viewing axis is directed downward. 
At an angle ∝ up to 10° this has hardly any adverse consequences for communication. 
The advantage of the angle ∝ is however that the videophone, particularly in the closed position, takes up less space and is lower 
The invention relates to a method for aligning two flat substrates with one another each having at least one aligning mark for mutual alignment, particularly for aligning a mark with a wafer before exposure. 
This method comprises a first aligning step in which both substrates are aligned by optically determining the position of the aligning mark of the first substrate, the position of the first substrate is stored, and the second substrate is displaced parallel to the first substrate so that the adjusting mark of the second substrate corresponds with the stored position of the aligning mark of the first substrate. 
In a second aligning step, the alignment is verified and a fine adjustment is carried out if necessary. 
In this second step, the aligning marks of both substrates are observed, in essence, simultaneously, and both substrates are aligned with one another by a relative movement parallel to the substrate plane 
A fluid monitoring apparatus for monitoring a fluid in a fluid mains supply, the apparatus comprising means for connecting the apparatus to the mains supply, a testing chamber, a fluid tester, testing a variable of a fluid in the testing chamber and a purger for purging a volume of fluid from the testing chamber which volume of fluid is substantially larger than the volume of the testing chamber, thereby replacing the fluid in the testing chamber with a new fluid volume 
A munition is presented which includes an integrity verification system that measures the integrity of the munition. 
When an integrity threshold is not met, engagement of the munition with a predetermined target is aborted. 
Also presented is a methodology for gating the engagement of the munition with the target. 
The methodology includes performing an integrity check of the munition after it is deployed. 
The method further includes aborting the engagement of the target when the integrity check of the munition fails 
The invention relates to a monobloc brake disk, especially for disk brakes of rail vehicles. 
Said monobloc disk comprises a friction ring (1) which is undetachably linked with a hub (2) via spokes (3) which are configured as twin spokes having two spoke arms (4) each. 
Preferably, the two spoke arms (4) of every twin spoke are longitudinally curved in their peripheral direction and are fastened on the friction ring (1) in a common area of connection 
The invention relates to a paper machine which is used to produce gravure printing-type paper from a fibre suspension which can be guided in a successive manner to a sieve part (4), a press part (6), a drying part (14, 17), a film press (23) comprising a film roller (21, 22) which is used to apply a coating paint, a calendar (33) which is subordinate to the film press (23) and which can be rolled on a paper roller (34) 
The present invention relates to the field of diagnostic and therapeutic use of proteins and genes, in particular to the diagnostic and therapeutic use of a secreted human hormone/growth factor, Neublasmin, and use of the gene coding for Neublasmin in the diagnosis and treatment of testicular disorders, in particular diagnosis and treatment of germ cell tumours and infertility. 
The invention also relates to use of Neublasmin in the treatment of CNS disorders. 
Neublasmin is expressed at high levels in human adult testicles and in developing mouse testicles from pn 22 and onwards. 
Expression of Neublasmin is strongly up-regulated in carcinoma in situ. 
Expression is also seen in foetal and adult brain 
The invention is concerned with a mode of operation and a construction to bring parallel fibres, threads or yarns (12) from different delivery points and with individual unequal exit force to the same tension each with the others. 
The invention consists of three processing steps: Decreasing the tension of the fibres (12) from an arbitrary individual tension level to tension level nil. Slippage-free transport of the fibres through a slip lock unit with a known velocity determined beforehand. 
The invention relates to a loading device (1) for transferring a cargo (60) onto a mobile loading floor (32), comprising a frame (2) having a carrying surface (36) wherein the carrying surface (36) has a longitudinal direction (34) and wherein the frame (2) is also provided with support means (3-5) for supporting the loading device (1) on a ground surface. 
The invention is characterized in that the loading device (1) is provided with adjusting means for aligning an outer end (35) in the longitudinal direction (34) of the carrying surface (1). 
The invention further relates to an auxiliary transport means (100) for loading and unloading cargo in a vehicle (30), comprising a frame (102) provided with support means for supporting a cargo (60) placeable on the auxiliary transport means (100) and formed by a number of first roller elements (101) arranged at a regular mutual distance, and moving means for moving over a surface the auxiliary transport means (100) formed by a number of second roller elements (120) arranged at a regular mutual distance and a number of bearing-mounted wheels (113) connected movably to the frame (102) 
An apparatus for dispensing a spray in a room com-prises a support structure (1) mountable to a barrier for opening and closing an entrance to the room. 
The apparatus is arranged to accommodate an atomizer (6) activated by dis-placement of an actuating member (7) relative to a main part of the atomizer (6). 
The apparatus comprises means (3,8) for fixing only one of the actuating member (7) and the main part in position relative to the support structure (1). 
The apparatus is arranged to accommodate a mass (16) in such a manner that it is substantially freely movable relative to the support structure (1) at least to a limited extent in a direction of movement of the barrier, when mounted, and to enable motion of the mass (16) to be transferred to the other of the actuating member (7) and the main part 
The invention relates to a pigeonhole (1) to be installed especially in a motor vehicle. 
Said pigeonhole (1) comprises a tray (6), a pivotally mounted lid (5) for closing the tray (6), and a functional element (4a). 
In order to create a pigeonhole (1) in which the functional elements (4a) are disposed within the closed space in the closed state while being moved into a position located close to the opening during opening thereof, the functional element (4a) is moved into a utilized position when the lid (5) is opened while being moved into a non-utilized position when the lid is closed, the functional element (4a) being guided within the lid with the aid of a track (14) while being guided on the tray (6) by means of a rotating joint (8) 
The invention relates to a method and assembly device (23) for producing a rotary joint between a drive element (1, 21) and a flange (2). 
According to the invention, the drive element (1, 21) and the flange (2) are screwed together at least by means of a first nut (22) and a bolt (7, 35) of the drive element (1, 21) at least until the bolt (7, 35) is drawn axially into a bore (5) in the flange (2) by the rotation of the first nut (22) and until the drive element (1, 21) attains a final position in relation to the flange (2) 
A medical snap electrode having a conductive tape portion disposed between the cover material and conduction layer of the electrode. 
The conductive tape portion becomes part of an electrical connection from a top snap, positioned above the cover material, to the conductive tape then to the conductive layer. 
The conductive tape includes conductive adhesive on at least one of its surfaces and thereby provides a more robust electrical connection from a top snap to a conductive layer in the electrode and ultimately to a subject's skin. 
Viewing of the snap through the conductive film layer is prevented. 
The conductive tape thus provides an improved conduction path for distributing electrical current from the top snap to a subject's skin in addition to the conduction path through bottom snap. 
The improved conduction path can prevent heating or apprehension of potential heating by a subject or clinician 
The present invention relates to the use of schisandrin B for the manufacture of medicaments for the treatment of tumor, especially of multidrug resistance reversing agent for tumours and the chemo-drug. 
The compound can also be in combination with other drugs, for the purpose of raising the effect in reversion. 
Schisandrin B may be effective in inhibiting P-glycoprotein; schisandrin B has the lower toxicity Schisandrin B will possess good use in clinical, especially as multidrug resistance reversing agent for tumours 
A protection and/or cleaning device which can be installed on an object such as a brush or a comb, comprising at least one support provided with protruding elements such as filiform elements, groups of filiform elements or teeth, traversed by said protruding elements. 
The inventive device comprises a deformable tubular envelope (104) wherein at least one part of the wall has a multiplicity of holes and which has at least one opening (106) through which said support can be introduced longitudinally into the envelope such that said envelope surrounds the support and the elements protruding therefrom can be engaged via the above-mentioned part with holes 
The invention relates to a device for processing plants, comprising a grid for receiving the plants to be processed, the grid selectively allowing parts of the plants to pass through, and comprising a rotatable cutter assembly (3) underneath the grid (1), which cutter assembly is provided with one or more several blades (4) and which during operation rotates in a plane parallel or virtually parallel with the grid, the device being provided with means for generating an air current through the grid. 
The device is also provided with means for generating eddies in the air current above the grid 
A container (101), particularly a support for plants, comprising at least two coaxial annular elements (102,103,104) which are joined to each other by means of articulated arms (105) on said elements, such that said elements can be displaced coaxially in relation to each other between a flat-folded position, wherein they are close to each other, and an unfolded position wherein they move away from each other when the orientation of the arms is altered. 
The arms (105) and the annular elements (102,103,104) comprise reciprocal bearing means provided with protruding fingers (113, 114, 115,116) 
The airborne radio relay system includes a network control station, at least one ground station, airborne cluster controller relay stations, and one or more non-airborne stations, which may be mobile. 
The network control station accesses a database providing real-time four dimensional position information regarding air stations in the national and international airspace, and dynamically designates and redesignates particular airborne stations to repeat traffic in response to changing air traffic patterns so that concentric rings of overlapping relay stations are maintained. 
Transmitting stations use time division duplex techniques to transfer traffic, which includes packet switched data communications traffic. 
The present invention is directed to a piezoelectric resonator filter for allowing a high-frequency signal in a desired frequency band to pass therethrough, including: two or more reactance elements in serial connection between input and output terminals; at least three or more piezoelectric resonators in parallel connection between the input and output terminals; and an inductor having a grounded end. 
Among the three or more piezoelectric resonators, only those piezoelectric resonators which do not adjoin each other in the equivalent circuit are connected in common to the inductor 
Silicon carbide components of a plasma processing apparatus, methods of making the components, and methods of using the components during processing of semiconductor substrates to provide for reduced particle contamination of the substrates are provided. 
The silicon carbide components are made by a process that results in free-carbon in the components. 
The silicon carbide components are treated to remove the free-carbon from at least the surface 
This invention relates to a computer-based method and system for facilitating the retrieval, classification, and distribution of information. 
In one embodiment, a method for providing information comprises providing a plurality of entities, each having an entity type, providing a plurality of relationships among the entities, each relationship having a relationship type and direction, and constructing an entity-relationship network comprising the entities and relationships. 
The method further includes receiving a plurality of information items, facilitating the association of the information items with at least one corresponding entity, receiving a request for information items associated with a selected one of the entities, determining a subset of the entities based on the selected entity, the relationships, the relationship types and the relationship directions, and providing the information items associated with the subset of the entities 
The invention relates to a method of supplying oil from a first floating structure to an offloading structure. 
The method comprises the steps of: - providing a flexible duct extending between the two structures at a water depth of between 50m and 500m, the duct comprising a flexible elastomeric material and having an internal diameter of at least 600 mm and a length of between 1500 and 3000 m, - providing at least one pump at the first structure and pumping the oil through the duct at a pressure between 5 bar and at a flow rate between 1000 and 50.000 m<3>/hr, characterized in - providing a single flexible duct, and - providing a wall thickness of the duct such that at water temperatures between 2°C and 20°C, preferably between 2°C and 10°C, the oil comprises at the first structure an inlet temperature Tin and at the second structure an outlet temperature T0 which is such that Tin - T0 is smaller that or equal to 15°C, preferably smaller than 5°C 
The present inventive subject matter is drawn to a hybrid ultra reliable power generating system for supplying continuous reliable power comprising: a primary power unit producing electric power that is supplied to a load. 
Also a secondary power unit is included in the form of a closed cycle vapor turbine (CCVT) system which is heated by rejected heat of the primary power unit, wherein the vaporizer of the CCVT is heated by rejected heat of the primary power unit. 
In an example of a particular embodiment of the present invention, the present inventive subject matter is drawn to an apparatus that combines a fuel efficient primary power generation unit system such as a high temperature fuel cell with a secondary power unit that is a very high reliability closed cycle vapor turbine (CCVT) which operates according to a Rankine cycle using organic working fluid that is capable of producing approximately 5 - 15% of the electric power that is produced by the primary power unit and which is heated by rejected heat of the primary power unit, wherein working fluid in the vaporizer of the CCVT is heated by heat rejected by the primary power unit 
The present invention relates to a method of producing a high damage tolerant aluminum alloy rolled product a high toughness and an improved fatigue crack growth resistance, comprising the steps of a) casting an ingot having a composition selected from the from the group comprising of AA2000, AA5000, AA6000, and AA7000-series alloys; b) homogenising and/or pre-heating the ingot after casting; d) hot rolling the ingot into a hot rolled product and optionally cold rolling the hot rolled product into a cold rolled product, characterized in that the hot rolled product leaves the hot rolling mill at an hot-mill exit temperature (TExit) and cooling the hot rolled product from said TExit to 150°C or lower with a controlled cooling cycle with a cooling rate falling within the range defined by: T(t)= 50-(50-TExit)e<alpha.t >and wherein T(t) is the temperature (°C) as function in time (hrs), t is the time (hours) and alpha is in the range of -0.09±0.05 /hrs<-1>) 
A process for manufacturing a 3-unsubstituted, 3-monosubstituted or 3,3-disubstituted 9-acyloxy-1,5-dihydro-8-­methylpyrido[3,4-e] [1,3]dioxepin (I) and optionally for manufacturing pyridoxine involves performing an addition reaction between a 4-methyl-5-alkoxy-oxazole (II) and a 2-unsubstituted, 2-monosubstituted or 2,2-disubstituted 4,7-dihydro-(1,3)-dioxepin (III) in the substantial absence of a solvent and a catalyst to give a product mixture consisting essentially of the appropriate Diels-Alder adduct (IV) in a major proportion and the appropriate 3-­unsubstituted, 3-monosubstituted or 3,3-disubstituted 1,5-dihydro-8-methylpyrido[3,4-e] [1,3]dioxepin 9-ol (V) in a minor proportion, removal of a substantial proportion of the unreacted oxazole and dioxapin starting materials from the product mixture by distillation under reduced pressure, addition of a substantially anhydrous organic acid to said product mixture and rearrangement of the Diels-Alder adduct IV to further V in the presence of said substantially anhydrous organic acid with removal of the generated alkanol by distillation under reduced pressure, and acylation of the resultingly enriched quantity of V with an added carboxylic acid anhydride to produce the desired I, and optionally converting this so-manufactured acylation product I to pyridoxine by acid hydrolysis for achieving deprotection and deacylatiom. 
Pyridoxine is a well known form of vitamin B6 with well established utility 
This application relates to a compound of formula (I) (or a prodrug thereof or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt of the compound or prodrug thereof) as defined herein, pharmaceutical compositions thereof, and its use as an inhibitor of factor Xa and/or thrombin, as well as a process for its preparation and intermediates therefor 
Compounds of formula (I), which are useful as therapeutic compounds, particularly in the treatment of pain and other conditions ameliorated by the modulation of the function of the vanilloid-1 receptor (VR1) 
Provided herein are processes for the preparation of 1,2,3,4-cyclohexanetetrol derivatives, which are useful intermediates for the synthesis of voglibose; processes for the preparation of substituted 2,3,4,5-tetrahydroxycyclohexanone; and processes for preparing voglibose. 
Also provided are compounds formed by such processes 
The application describes liquid dosing devices of the kind in which flow to a front discharge opening (44) of a container is blocked after a controlled delay by a sliding piston (3) movable in a control chamber (2) mounted in a container neck behind the discharge opening (44). 
Movement of the piston (3) is governed by restricted flow through control openings (28) at the back of the control chamber (2). 
Restoration of the piston (3) after a dosing operation is assisted by providing a dump valve at the rear of the control chamber. 
For simplicity and ease of construction, as well as effective sealing operation, the dump valve member is a ball (6) retained in a cage (5). 
Another proposal provides a one-way valve in the outlet path, obviating the dump valve and enabling rapid recovery after a dosing operation when used with a resiliently squeezable container 
The invention relates to a packing consisting of a sleeve (1) provided with a cavity, and a cap (8) that can be connected to the sleeve. 
A container (3), especially consisting of plastic or glass, is arranged in the cavity of the sleeve, preferably for receiving liquid and/or viscous substances dispensed by a dispensing device. 
The aim of the invention is to improve one such packing for a plastic or glass container for receiving liquid and/or viscous substances dispensed by a dispensing device, in such a way that the packing is high-quality and flexible for a plurality of different containers. 
To this end, the container (3) can be fixed in a receiving element in the region of the end of the sleeve (1) opposing the cap (8) in a positive or non-positive manner 
An instrument panel (12) includes, in an exemplary embodiment, a thermoplastic base substrate (54) having a first surface (58) and an opposing second surface (56), and a door portion (62) defined by a tear seam notch (60) in the first surface of the base substrate. 
The tear seam notch defines a periphery of the door portion. 
The instrument panel also includes at least one hinge portion (64) defined by a plurality of tear seam notches (66) in the first surface of the base substrate. 
Each hinge portion interrupts the door portion tear seam notch so that the door portion tear seam notch is not continuous 
A control for a transmission and a clutch monitors conditions to determine when a vehicle associated with the clutch and transmission is likely in a stationary state. 
If the vehicle appears to be stationary, with the transmission engaged and the clutch open, then the control determines that the transmission should be moved to a neutral position. 
Upon movement to the neutral position, the control then closes the clutch. 
It is preferable for a vehicle remaining stationary to have its clutch closed and its transmission in neutral than to have its transmission engaged and its clutch open. 
In a further aspect of this invention, the neutral state is verified by testing the ability to move of one of the transmission shift components. 
If the transmission shift component can move beyond a predetermined amount, this is indicative that the transmission is in neutral 
A machining device has a base on which a workpiece is placed, a supporting column stood on the base, a supporting member liftably installed on the supporting column, a hollow motor supported, by the supporting member, above a region where the workpiece is placed, a hollow spindle connected to the motor and extending downward, a chuck fixed to the lower end of the spindle, a tool having a column-like shank and supported by and fixed to the chuck at the side face of the shank, a supersonic vibration-applying member provided, in a contacting manner through a lubrication layer, on the shank of the tool, and a load-applying member for pressing the supersonic vibration-applying member to the top surface of the shank of the tool. 
The construction of the machining device is simple, and capable of performing machining by applying, with a simple method, supersonic vibration to various kinds of tools 
Process for the preparation of urea granules in a fluid-bed granulator, by using at least one feeding device to feed a urea melt in the form of a film to a fluidized bed of solid urea nuclei, upon which the nuclei grow by solidification of the urea melt on the nuclei, in which the amounts of biuret and water in the urea melt and in the urea granules fulfill the following relation (I) wherein bm= the % by weight of biuret in the urea melt; bg= the % by weight of biuret in the urea granules; wm= the % by weight of water in the urea melt; wg= the % by weight of water in the urea granules 
The invention provides a compound of formula (I): or a salt, solvate or a physiologically functional derivative thereof, wherein R1 to R10 are as defined in the specification and uses of such compounds. 
The compounds inhibit GlyT1 transporters and are useful in the treatment of certain neurological and neuropsychiatric disorders, including schizophrenia 
A disposable shorts type wearing article enabling the easy identification of indication elements from the outer surface of an extensible sheet by joining sheet pieces having the indication elements to the inner surface of the elastically extensible sheet of the wearing article and preventing the extensible sheet from being broken even if the sheet is repeatedly extended and retracted, wherein the sheet pieces (31) and (32) having the indication elements (26) are joined to the inner surface (21b) of the elastically extensible outer surface sheet (21) of the wearing article (1). 
An elastically extensible inner surface sheets (22) facing the inner surfaces (31b) and (32b) of the sheet pieces (31) and (32) are intermittently joined to the outer surface sheet (21) in a body circumferential direction and a vertical direction orthogonal to that direction between the edge parts of the sheet pieces (31) and (32) and a portion where the edge parts (11) and (12) of the front and rear body peripheral regions (6) and (7) of the wearing article (1) are joined to each other 
A folding structure for a folding chair includes a first folding support and a second folding support. 
The first folding support includes a first front leg, a first back leg and a seat member. 
The upper-end of the first front leg is rotatablely connected to the lateral front-end of the seat. 
The middle part of the first front leg is rotatablely cross-linked with the middle-lower part of the first back leg. 
The seat is slideablely and rotatablely connected to the approximately middle part of the first back leg, and when the connection of the seat and the first back leg is slided to the front-end of a first horizontal bearing-rod, the seat, the first front leg and the first back leg are located in a same plane. 
The structure of the second folding support is similar to that of the first folding support. 
All the parts of the folding structure according to the present invention are located in the same plane after they are folded, thereby occupying less space 
Shelf-stable food products are provided in the form of at least partially hydrated foods having a water activity of at least about 0.65 and with a sufficient amount of an added acidulent to give the food an acidic pH of up to about 6. 
The acidulated foods are non-aseptically packaged in a substantially moisture-tight package, so that the resultant food product is capable of ambient temperature storage for at least about 30 days without spoilage of the food. 
Suitable foods include pastas and other grain or grain-derived products 
A method is proposed for a mobile terminal in mobile communication systems to transfer non -speech data in voice channel, comprising steps of: encapsulating the non -speech data to be sent to another mobile terminal into IBD frames; storing said IBD frames in a buffer; detecting whether a speech burst sent to said another mobile terminal is over; checking whether there is non-speech data to be sent to said another mobile terminal if detecting that said speech burst is over; sending at least one non -speech data to said another mobile terminal via voice channel if there is non -speech data to be sent. 
By modifying the SID frame and silence speech frame, this method realizes transmission of non -speech via voice channel rather than via dedicated data channel, so as to save radio resources of the system 
A method is provided for a mobile terminal to transmit non-speech data in voice channel, comprising: generating a non-speech data frame Tx (transmitting) indication according to the preset non-speech data frame Tx indication generating mode; generating a VAD (voice activity detection) flag about the next frame according to the non-speech data frame Tx indication; transmitting the non-speech data frame during the next frame if the VAD flag indicates that the next frame is non-speech period. 
With this method, IBD (In-Band Data) information can be transmitted timely, according to different requirements, for example, the urgency of IBD transmission, by selecting IBD data frame Tx indication generating mode 
The invention relates to a drive unit (1) for generating an oscillatory motion for an electrical small-scale unit. 
The inventive drive unit (1) comprises a stator (2) containing at least one coil (5) and a first and second magnet arrangement (6) each having at least one permanent magnet (7). 
This drive unit (1) also comprises an armature (3) with a non-rotational symmetric design having a first and a second radial projection (10), which extend only over a partial area of the periphery of the armature (3) and are made of a magnetizable material. 
The inventive drive unit (1) is characterized in that by positioning the magnet arrangements (6) relative to the radial projections (10) of the armature (3), assignments between the magnet arrangements (6) and the radial projections (10) are formed in pairs in such a manner that the magnetic interaction between the magnet arrangement (6) and the radial projection (10) of one pair is permanently greater than the magnetic interaction between the magnet arrangement (6) and the radial projection (10) of two different pairs 
In an electronic device comprising a protective barrier layer stack comprising a first barrier layer of a first amorphous carbon modification and a second barrier layer of a second amorphous carbon modification, the protective barrier layer stack has higher densities, better adhesion, and more flexibility than a single barrier layer of comparable thickness and composition 
A panel for a solar rail or railing system has first and second transparent or, at least, translucent tempered glass panels, an array of solar cells (24) spaced from but connected to each other on a transparent or, at least, translucent film sandwiched between the glass panels, a bottom rail (22) for supporting the sandwich of film and glass panels from a portion of a building, and a top rail (20) for an outlet conduit of the electrical connection of the solar cells 
A method for summarizing text (20), comprising evaluating (24) selected words of the text according to predetermined criteria to provide word score values for each of the selected words. 
Thew method then provides for calculating (25) for each of the selected words a word weighted score that is dependent on the word score values and a number of occurrences of each of the selected words. 
Thereafter a step (26) of scoring sentences of the text to determine a sentence weighted score for the sentences is conducted. 
The sentence weighted score depends on sentence type and a combined word weighted score for words in the sentence. 
The method then provides for selecting (27) sentences to provide a summary of the text, the selecting being dependent on the sentence weighted score of the sentences 
An electronic data processing circuit contains a plurality of data handling units (l0a-d, 16a-b) with data outputs, at least part of the data handling units having address outputs. 
The data handling units supply words of preferably selectable size to a bus. 
A bus controller (20) is arranged to control access to the bus in successive access cycles. 
The bus controller (20) causes data bits from a plurality of data words from respective ones of the data handling units (10a-d, 16a-b), to be placed in combination on the data lines in a same bus cycle. 
The bus controller causes write addresses that the respective ones of the data handling units (10a-d, 16a-b) supply for respective ones of the plurality of data words to be placed on the address lines in a plurality of respective bus cycles. 
Preferably, the temporal or spatial arrangement of the data words on the bus lines is adapted so as to minimize the number of logic level changes on the bus 
A sheet metal machining system in which a sheet metal machining facility can be operated smoothly according to a desired indication of a manufacture when viewed from a production management device while enhancing the operation rate and production efficiency of the sheet metal machining facility. 
The sheet metal machining system (101) comprises a production management system (110) for making a machining schedule based on sheet machining data obtained by nesting in response to an indication of the manufacture and managing the machining schedule of each material sheet, and a sheet metal machining facility (130) interconnected with the production management system (110) through a communication network (120) and executing the machining schedule received from the production management system (110) 
The focus of an optical system (20) can be determined in a reliable and accurate way by arranging a first and second test object (62,64) having a periodic structure at different sides of the focal plane (66) of the optical system and determining the difference in modulation depth of the images formed on different areas (32,34) of a radiation-sensitive detection system (30) 
A ballistic resistant panel made of three distinct layers each of which consisting of layered sheets. 
One layer consists of sheets made of woven para aramid. 
The layer below consists of sheets each consisting of woven para aramid sheets pretreated by hot press. 
The third layer in succession consists of a plurality of layered sheets each made of uni - directional para aramid fibers 
The invention relates to a method of enriching a pressurised gas stream (1) with one of the components (A) thereof. The inventive method comprises the following steps: the stream is separated into at least first and second fractions (2, 3); at least one part of the first fraction (2) is sent to a separation unit (ASU); the separation unit supplies at least two discharges, including a first discharge (10) having a greater A content than that of the fraction (2) supplied to the separation unit; at least one part of the first discharge (10) is mixed with at least one part of the second fraction (3) such as to form a pressurised gas mixture (15); the second fraction (3) is expanded and, subsequently, at least one part of the first discharge (10) is mixed therein 
The invention relates to a pump-nozzle device comprising a pump having a plunger (11) and a pump chamber (13). 
The device also comprises a valve (231) having a valve member which controls the hydraulic coupling of a gradual overflow chamber (232) with a discharge channel (22) that is hydraulically coupled with the pump chamber (13) of the pump and a nozzle unit (51). 
The gradual overflow chamber (232) is hydraulically coupled with a feed channel that can be coupled with a low-pressure fuel feed device. 
The pump-nozzle device also comprises a 2/2 way valve (24) which, depending on its switch position, couples a first section of the feed channel (21) with the low-pressure fuel feed device or decouples it. 
For the purpose of control, the 2/2 way valve (24) is coupled with the discharge channel (22) and with the first section of the feed channel (21) 
Disclosed is an internal combustion engine component (1) comprising at least one area (4) that is subjected to a greater thermal load than another area (5) during operation of the internal combustion engine. 
The area (4) that is subjected to a greater thermal load is provided with a lower heat expansion coefficient (a2) that the area (5) which is subjected to a lower thermal load 
The invention relates to a compound for improving the wrinkle resistance in fabrics, comprising: a wrinkle-reducing active substance, comprising at least one softening agent, and a liquid carrier for carrying the active substance. 
The invention also relates to a wrinkle-reducing active substance as used in such a compound. 
The invention further relates to a device for containing such a compound. 
Moreover, the invention relates to a method of improving the wrinkle resistance in a fabric by the use of such a compound 
The invention relates to a method for forming cement or concrete by electrolysis of a brackish medium wherein calcium carbonate and magnesium hydroxide are precipitated by said electrolysis. 
The method comprises a first stage in which the electrodes are fed in such a way as to polarize the cathode in order provide the pH of the brackish medium with a first value such that the calcium carbonate and magnesium hydroxide are gradually deposited on the cathode, said stage being such that the deposit comprises a large proportion of magnesium hydroxide, and a second stage in which the supply of the electrodes is controlled in such a way that the pH of the brackish medium assumes a second value which is lower than that obtained during the first stage, said second value enabling the magnesium hydroxide to dissolve,wherein the duration of the second stage is sufficiently long in order to obtain a deposit containing an amount of calcium carbonate which is substantially higher than the amount of magnesium hydroxide 
The invention includes methods of utilizing supercritical fluids to introduce precursors into reaction chambers. 
In some aspects, a supercritical fluid is utilized to introduce at least one precursor into a chamber during ALD, and in particular aspects the supercritical fluid is utilized to introduce multiple precursors into the reaction chamber during ALD. 
The invention can be utilized to form any of various materials, including metal-containing materials, such as, for example, metal oxides, metal nitrides, and materials consisting of metal. 
Metal oxides can be formed by utilizing a supercritical fluid can be utilized to introduce a metal-containing precursor into reaction chamber, with the precursor then forming a metal-containing layer over a surface of a substrate. 
Subsequently, the metal-containing layer can be reacted with oxygen to convert at least some of the metal within the layer to metal oxide 
The present invention relates generally to the field of human genetics. 
Specifically, the present invention relates to methods and materials used to diagnose distal hereditary motor neuropathy type II by detecting polymorphisms in HSP22 gene 
The present invention relates to a process for the hydrogenation of olefins. 
The process comprises hydrogenation of a feed stock comprising more than 90 wt-% of olefins, carried out in a hydrogenation reactor comprising at least two reaction stages, wherein the feed stock is hydrogenated in the first reaction stage equipped with a cooling circuit and comprising a first and an optional second catalyst bed, and the effluent from the first reaction stage is hydrogenated in the final reaction stage comprising one or more catalyst beds and optionally equipped with a cooling circuit, the process is operated in trickling or pulse flow mode in a three phase reactor with a fixed catalyst bed and at least one catalyst of same or different type is used in each stage, the catalyst having different particle size and/or optionally different shape in at least two stages 
A container includes an outer shell, a rigid inner container within the outer shell, a mouth and a handle. 
The outer shell has a top, a bottom and sidewalls. 
The outer shell also defines an opening. 
The inner container within the outer shell defines an aperture. The mouth is secured to the inner container surrounding the aperture and defines a fluid passageway. 
The mouth is sized and shaped such that fluid can be poured through the mouth from a source having an outlet spaced above the mouth. 
The handle extends outward from the top of the outer shell and has sufficient strength to provide all support for the container when the inner container is filled with liquid in either of two positions, with the first position being where the opening is facing upwards and the second position being where the opening is facing sidewards. 
Desirably, the mouth and opening are sized and shaped such that when the opening is facing upwards the human eye can detect when a level of fluid in the container is approaching the mouth 
A seat for use by an occupant in a vehicle. 
The seat includes a seat base configured to be supported in the vehicle. 
A back frame including a first transverse member, a first side member and a second side member, wherein the first transverse member interconnects each of the side members at a location toward an upper end of the back frame. 
The back frame further includes a second transverse member interconnecting the first and second side members a spaced distance from the first transverse member. 
A compliant back member having a first end operably connected to the first transverse member and a second end operably connected to the second transverse member. 
A biasing member having a first end operatively engaging the compliant back member and a second end being anchored with respect to the back frame wherein when a seat occupant's back applies a force to the compliant back member, the biasing member applies a reaction force 
The invention relates to a method which is used to monitor the condition of a driver of a vehicle. Markings (3) of the lane along which a vehicle travels are detected, the direction of travel is determined, and the vehicle has to follow said lane in order to remain in lane. 
The vehicle driver is assisted by automatic centering of the steering wheel in order to remain in the lane. 
If the vehicle follows the determined direction of travel in a precise manner during a determined period of time, this means that the driver is not driving in an active manner and a warning signal is emitted 
A carpenter's pencil sharpener has a maximum width or dimension (MD) perpendicular to the longitudinal axis. 
The sharpener also has a centering portion at least rotationally fixed to a contouring portion. 
The centering portion has a non-rotating, cylindrical, inner surface and an outer end defining an aperture for receiving the carpenter's pencil. 
The cylindrical surface has an inner diameter (ID) dimensioned to fit the maximum dimension (MD) of the carpenter's pencil, and is large enough to permit rotation of the carpenter's pencil within the cylindrical surface. 
The centering portion also has a length (L) generally parallel to the rotational axis and measured from the contouring portion to the outer end for maintaining the carpenter's pencil parallel to the axis 
A method of treating a migraine headache comprising administering at least one serotonin agonist and isovaleramide, a-methyl isovaleramide, or mixtures thereof to a patient suffering from a migraine. 
The at least one serotonin agonist is selected from the group consisting of sumatriptan, eleptriptan, naratriptan, rizatriptan, zolmitriptan, almotriptan, frovatriptan, ergotamine, an ergotamine derivative, and mixtures thereof. 
A migraine treatment is also provided 
The present invention relates to a method of modulating production of neurons and/or oligodendrocytes from neural progenitor cells of human white matter and to a method of treating a subject for a condition modulated by underproduction of oligodendrocytes from human white matter. 
Both of these methods involve administering an agonist or antagonist of one or more molecules set forth in Tables 1 and/or 2 to the neural progenitor cells. 
Also disclosed is a method of using an inhibitor of sterol synthesis to differentiate oligodendrocyte progenitor cells to oligodendrocytes 
Provided are methods of using gelsolin and active fragments thereof to neutralize, treat or prevent the pathogenic effects of lipopolysaccharide (LPS) endotoxins released from gram-negative bacteria, including massive activation of inflammatory response in a patient and the resulting lethal septic shock. 
The provided gelsolin binds LPS from various bacteria with high affinity, decreasing circulating LPS and neutralizes its deleterious biological effects. 
Consequently, the provided gelsolin replacement therapy offers a method for the prevention of LPS-induced mortality in the patient 
The present invention is directed to improved devices and methods for ultrasound guiding of percutaneous medical probes. 
The devices include an ultrasound transducer housing (100) having a passage (126) therethrough and configured to guide a probe through the probe guide in the passage of the housing, and along a path extending to a target at a known angular relationship to the ultrasound transducer (120) so that the path and location of the advancing probe are known in relation to a target imaged by the ultrasound device. 
The devices can include a sterile sleeve (110) including a sterile probe guide such that the transducer housing including the guide opening, can be separated from the patient by a sterile barrier. 
The devices can also include a clamp (150) for clamping the probe in the probe guide and means and methods for real-time imaging of a virtual probe overlaying the sonogram formed by the ultrasound device 
A device and method for providing support to a toilet bowl suitable to sustain the weight of an obese or otherwise large individual. 
The device comprises a support bar placed underneath the toilet and affixed to the toilet wall support, and a leg between the toilet bowl and the floor. 
The leg is hinged to allow folding thereof to facilitate cleaning under the toilet bowl 
A projection-type display device and method of projecting an image, divide light into three colored light beams, provide the three colored light beams to three corresponding light valves, and operate the three light valves to produce three corresponding colored images. 
The three colored images are symmetrized, based on which of the three light valves receives a colored light beam having an illumination pattern that has been reversed an odd number of times and which of the three light valves receives a colored light beam having an illumination pattern that has been reversed an even number of times, to make the luminous intensity distributions of the three colored images substantially equal. 
The three symmetrized colored images are combined to form a synthesized color image 
Methods and apparatus for implementing peer-to-peer relay. 
In one implementation, a network environment supporting multiple peer-to-peer relay networks includes: a first peer-to-peer relay network including N1 peer systems; and a second peer-to-peer relay network including N2 peer systems; wherein each peer system in said first peer-to-peer relay network is connected to a number of other peer systems in said first peer-to-peer relay network that is less than or equal to a first connection limit, said first connection limit is greater than or equal to 2, said first connection limit is less than or equal to NI-2, each peer system in said first peer-to-peer relay network is configured to relay data to peer systems connected to that peer system according to a first set of one or more relay rules, each peer system in said second peer-to-peer relay network is connected to a number of other peer systems in said second peer-to-peer relay network that is less than or equal to a second connection limit, said second connection limit is greater than or equal to 2, said second connection limit is less than or equal to N2-2, each peer system in said second peer-to-peer relay network is configured to relay data to peer systems connected to that peer system according to a second set of one or more relay rules, and at least one peer system in said first peer-to-peer relay network is also in said second peer-to-peer relay network 
The invention relates to a method and to an optical device in all-optical signal processing. 
It provides a novel way of taking into use the potential bandpass filtering capabilities of an optical complex one-pole resonator by, 1) excitating with at least part of the input signal an optical resonator arrangement that comprises two substantially parallel, independent, complex one-pole resonators arranged in a manner that one of said resonators is matched, and the other one is non-matched with the input signal, and 2) based on polarization separating further from the output of said optical resonator arrangement at least one optical output signal so that both said matched and non-matched resonators contribute to the formation of said output signal. 
The invention can be utilized, for example, for optical signal analysis, optical clock recovery, or for producing high-frequency outputs from lower frequency input signals, like e.g. optical microwave generation 
The invention concerns a solid oxide battery anode based on a composite material comprising a ceramic oxide matrix containing barium and titanium and, optionally, indium in which a metal electronic conductive element is dispersed. The invention also relates to a solid oxide battery containing said anode 
A gridless ion source operates from a control system (201) that generates an anode voltage (215) comprising a mains rectified signal such that the anode voltage modulates between a first voltage above a threshold and a second voltage below the threshold. 
The mains rectified signal is provided by transformer (210) receiving a mains input (211). 
The output of the transformer (213) is rectified by a bridge rectifier (214). 
In preferred embodiments, the threshold is an ionization threshold such that the ion current is initiated and extinguished in every cycle 
The invention relates a method for supplying highly pure oxygen by cryogenic distillation of air from an installation comprising a first (1) and a second (2) air separating apparatus. According to the invention: the first air separating apparatus has a medium pressure column, a low pressure column thermally connected to the medium pressure column, and has a mixing column in which air to be distilled is fed to the medium pressure column; liquids enriched with oxygen and with nitrogen are fed from the medium pressure column to the low pressure column; according to a first operation of the apparatus, a flow of oxygen-enriched liquid coming from the low pressure column is fed to the top of the mixing column; a flow of low-purity oxygen is drawn off from the top of the mixing column and at least a portion (3) thereof is fed to a first consumer unit (5), and; the second apparatus (2) supplies highly pure oxygen (8) to a second consumer unit (9), whereas according to a second operation, the flow of low-purity oxygen drawn off from the top of the mixing column is reduced in the first apparatus; a flow of highly pure oxygen is drawn off from the vessel of the low pressure column of the first apparatus and is fed (11) to at least the second consumer unit (9), and; the second apparatus (2) does not supply highly pure oxygen to the second consumer unit 
Disclosed is an internal combustion engine (12) in which harmful substances contained in the exhaust gas are reduced using a purifying device (22, 24). 
Said purifying device (22, 24) is at least temporarily regenerated by means of an oxidation process, fresh air being at least temporarily directed straight into the exhaust gas flow upstream of the purifying device (22, 24) by a fan (30) when the purifying device (22, 24) is or is to be regenerated. 
According to the invention, intake air of the internal combustion engine (12) is used as fresh air, said intake air being compressed and being directed at least in part straight into the exhaust gas flow by a fan (compressor, 30) which is located in the intake zone (16) 
An instant lottery game system (10) includes a game play defining element (12). 
A symbol display zone (14) is carried on the game play defining element (12), the symbol display zone (14) containing a plurality of symbols related to gaming machine games. 
A masking medium (20) covers the symbols of the symbol display zone (14) prior to use. 
A symbol interpretation zone (16) is also carried on the game play defining element (12), the symbol interpretation zone (16) carrying a plurality of indicia with the indicia being used in interpreting symbols revealed after removal of the masking medium (20) to determine a prize outcome 
Naphthalimide compounds are used in tissue bonding and protein cross­linking applications. 
When activated by an activating agent, such as light in the 400 - 500 nm absorption range, the naphthalimide compounds form chemically-reactive species that cross-link proteins, bond connective tissues together, and bond tissues and other biomaterials together. 
A naphthalimide-labeled biomolecule, such as a naphthalimide­labeled chitosan, is also capable of bonding tissues without subsequent direct illumination , of the contacted tissue area. 
The naphthalimide compounds may be used in tissue or arterial repair, stabilization of an expanded arterial wall after angioplasty, tethering pharmaceutical agents to tissue surfaces to provide local drug delivery, and for chemically bonding skin care products, sunscreens, and cosmetics to the skin 
There is provided a video transmission device capable of effectively transmitting only video data in the area in attention and decoding it without lowering the encoding efficiency as well as modifying the area in attention even during the video reproduction. 
In this device, a basic layer encoding unit (116) encodes a basic layer of low resolution obtained by reducing the input video of high resolution. 
On the other hand, an area map calculation unit (118) calculates an area map indicating a divided area upon encoding while an extension layer encoding unit (120) decodes the input video and the basic layer encoded video. 
After this, the extension layer obtained as a difference video from the video obtained by magnifying to the resolution of the input video is divided according to the map. 
Then, in-frame encoding is performed for each of the divided areas. 
Here, an offset table generation unit (122) generates an offset table indicating the storage position of each of the divided areas of the extension layer encoded. 
A video data cut out unit (136) cuts out video data corresponding to the area in attention from the extension layer alone by using the offset table 
There is provided a method of encoding a video signal comprising a sequence of images to generate corresponding encoded video data. 
The method including the steps of: (a) analyzing the images to identify one or more image segments therein; (b) identifying those of said one or more segments which are substantially not of a spatially stochastic nature and encoding them in a deterministic manner to generate first encoded intermediate data; (c) identifying those of said one or more segments which are of a substantially spatially stochastic nature and encoding them by way of one or more corresponding stochastic model parameters to generate second encoded intermediate data; and (d) merging the first and second intermediate data to generate the encoded video data 
Method for rendering smooth teletext graphics, when an input teletext page (D1) is to be displayed at a target resolution on a device. The method comprises the steps of: - separating (100) non-text information and text information composing the input teletext page (D1) in order to give as output an intermediate non-text bitmap (D5) at an intermediate resolution and a final text bitmap (D4) at said target resolution; - scaling up (200) the intermediate non-text bitmap (D5) to obtain a final non-text bitmap (D7) at said target resolution, using an advanced up-scaling algorithm ; and, - merging (300) the final non-text bitmap (D7) and the final text bitmap (D4) in order to give an output of a rendered bitmap (D) having the target resolution 
Apparatus (40) for providing at an output (44) an output voltage (Vext) that is greater than an input voltage (Vsupply) that is applied to an input (43). 
The apparatus (40) comprises an input charge pump stage (41.1) and an output charge pump stage (40.2). 
Each charge pump stage (40.1, 40.2) comprises an input node (43, 46), an output node (46, 44), and a transistor (NSW, PSW) serving as switch. 
Furthermore, each charge pump stage (40.1, 40.2) comprises a switch control circuit (42.1, 42.2) with two buffers (41.2, 41.3, 41.4, 41.5), two capacitors (Caux1, Caux2, Caux3, Caux4), and a diode network with several diodes (D1 - D4, D5 - D8). 
The switch control circuit (42.1, 42.2) drives the respective transistor (NSW, PSW). 
A pump buffer (41.1) with a charge pump capacitor (Ccp1) is coupled to the output node (46) of the input charge pump stage (41.1). 
The output node (46) of the input charge pump stage (41.1) is coupled to the input node (46) of a subsequent charge pump stage (41.2), and a load capacitor (Cext) is situated at the output node (44) of the output charge pump stage (41.2) 
An antenna (22) including an electrically conductive portion (dark regions of element 22) defined substantially by a self-similar geometry present at multiple resolutions. 
The electrically conductive portion includes two or more angular bends and is configured to radiate broadband electromagnetic energy. 
The antenna further includes an electrically non-conductive portion (white regions of element 22) that structurally supports the electrically conductive portion 
The present invention generally provides carbon materials and methods for producing the carbon materials that include a polymer-like bonded carbon network, a diamond-like bonded carbon network, a graphene-like bonded carbon network, and at least one stabilizing network of at least one alloying element. 
The material may further include hydrogen, silicone, and oxygen. 
The carbon materials are generally produced using plasma deposition while accounting for both thermal and incident particle impact activation for surface reactions, which beneficially enables the production of the carbon material at relevantly low incident flux energy and/or relatively low substrate temperatures 
Disclosed is an optical reproducing apparatus having a photo detector using a laser diode of two wavelengths. 
According to the present invention, by the presence of a 16-split photo diode for detecting laser beams respectively for a DVD and a CD, an optical pick-up can be achieved by applying the laser diode of two wavelengths. 
Further, focusing error signals and tracking error signals are detected by using different methods depending on sorts of optical discs, and therefore, multi-disc reproduction is possible 
The present invention relates to an optical scanning device for reading out from or writing on an information carrier. 
Said optical scanning device comprises a radiation source for producing a radiation beam, means for dividing the radiation beam into a plurality of radiation sub-beams, focusing means for focusing the plurality of spots on said information carrier, which reflects said plurality of radiation sub-beams towards a detection branch and focus error detection means for detecting a focus error signal. 
Said focus error detection means comprise on said detection branch, a servo lens for focusing the reflected radiation sub-beams onto a focus plane, a spatial filter for isolating a reflected radiation sub-beam at the focus plane and a split detector for detecting a focus error signal from the isolated radiation sub-beam. 
The focus error detection means further comprise decision sub-means for deciding whether the focus error signal can be used to correct a position of the focusing means 
In one embodiment, the invention provides a method, comprising allowing primary bidders to each place a primary bid for displaying an associated advertisement within a results page of a search based on a search string; and allowing a secondary bidder to selectively place a secondary bid to augment the primary bid of a primary bidder by a monetary amount 
A variety of characteristics of body fluid may be measured by introducing a sample to a textured surface on optical material such as waveguides and sheets. 
The textured surface presents a field of elongated projections which are spaced apart to exclude certain components of the body fluid sample from entering into the spaces between the projections, while permitting other parts of the body fluid sample which contains the analyte to enter into those spaces. 
The analyte contacts a chemistry on the surface which is sensitive to the analyte, whereupon the analyte and the analyte -­sensitive chemistry interact in a manner that is optically detectable. 
The optical material is packaged in suitable structures such as elongated cylinders, flat test strips, and sheets. 
A structure containing the optical material is mounted on a detector, which both illuminates the optical material and detects and analyzes the light that returns from the textured surface 
A reversible control rod mechanism adapted for selectively and repeatedly rotating a shaft bidirectionally and thereby moving an attached load bidirectionally 
Methods of identifying, designing and synthesizing uniquely targeting siRNA nucleotide sequences for a target mRNA sequence of a target species are disclosed. 
Methods of identifying, designing and synthesizing miRNA nucleotide sequences that does not function as a siRNA nucleotide sequence for mRNA of a target species are disclosed. 
Method of inhibiting expression of a target mRNA molecule are disclosed sequence. siRNA molecules including uniquely targeting siRNA molecules and RISCs comprising the same are disclosed. miRNA molecules that do not function as siRNA nucleotide sequences for mRNA of a target species are disclosed 
Cdc25A is herein identified as a substrate for ß-TrCP1- or ß-TrCP2-mediated ubiquitination and subsequent degradation via the ubiquitin-proteasome pathway. 
In particular, it has been found that interfering with ß-TrCP expression or function, or increasing ß-TrCP degradation, leads to accumulation of Cdc25A in a cell. 
Since degradation of Cdc25A is a key feature of the response to DNA damage, leading to a stall in the cell cycle during which the cell can repair the damage, Cdc25A accumulation an abolish this response, thereby sensitizing the cell to DNA damage. 
Described herein are assays for identifying ß-TrCP inhibitors, and method of using such inhibitors for modulating Cdc25A degradation, sensitization of tumor cells, and as adjuvants in cancer therapy based on DNA damaging agents 
The present invention discloses a packaged product comprising the combination of a composition with a packaging system comprising the composition, wherein the packaging system comprises an extrusion blow molded thermoplastic package comprising a combination of a high density polyethylene thermoplastic resin and a low density polyethylene thermoplastic resin in a ratio of from about 80% high density polyethylene thermoplastic resin to about 20% low density polyethylene thermoplastic resin 
The invention relates to a method for producing alkylaryl compounds, by reacting a C10-14 monoolefin mixture with an aromatic hydrocarbon, in the presence of an alkylation catalyst to give alkylaromatic compounds and, optionally, by subsequent sulphonation and neutralisation of the obtained alkylaryl compounds. 
Said method is characterised in that, on average, in said C10-14 monoolefins, more than 0% and up to 100% of methyl branches are located in the longest carbon chain and less than 50% of the methyl branches are located at the 2-, 3- and 4-position, counting from the ends of the longest carbon chain 
The invention relates to a reactor (10), for anaerobic wastewater treatment, embodied as a loop reactor with a central flow channel (20). 
Support elements (50), for the immobilisation of micro-organisms, are placed in the annular area (40) between the central flow channel (20) and the reactor wall, flow paths being formed between adjacent support elements (50). 
The lower section of the reactor (30), located under the support elements, is embodied as a chamber, provided for receiving wastewater with the micro-organisms floating therein, on operation of said reactor (10). 
On operation, floating micro-organisms as well as micro-organisms, immobilised on the support elements, are provided. 
The wastewater to be treated flows downwards in the centre and returns upwards along the support elements (40), the current being partially generated by gas evolution from the micro-organisms. 
A method for anaerobic wastewater treatment is carried out by means of said reactor which is suitable for wastewater treatment in the food and feedstuffs industry and in the paper and textile industry 
The invention relates to a fixed bed reactor (10), for anaerobic wastewater treatment, which comprises planar, flow-porous support elements (20), for the immobilisation of micro-organisms, said support elements having a low thickness in relation to the surface thereof. 
Said reactor is characterised in that the support elements are separated, such that flow areas, having a mean width of 3.5 to 8 cm in the direction of separation, are formed between said support elements 
The invention relates to an emitter unit comprising a UV-emitter (2) embodied as a low-pressure mercury amalgam emitter with at least one amalgam deposit (3), provided on one wall (4) of the emitter (2), mounted in a UV transparent sleeve (1), enclosing the emitter. 
The emitter unit comprises a device (13, 22, 25), for adjusting the separation between the amalgam deposit and the sleeve 
The invention concerns a method and a device for assembling treated semiconductor wafers (1, 2), for obtaining not only a secure assembly, but an electrical connection (5) between the semiconductor wafers or between the electronic structures (3) comprising the latter as well. 
The invention is characterized in that the secure assembly is produced by means of structured intermediate glass layers (6; 6a), with low melting point, acting as insulating layers, and the electrical connection is produced by means of an electroconductive sealing glass (5) 
Embodiments of the invention move objects throughout two-dimensional space by using a support line that is coupled with both opposing sides of the platform. 
This line controls the Y-axis motion and Z-axis motion of the platform and is designated the YZ movement line. 
Displacing a portion of the YZ movement line allows vertical displacement of the platform to be traversed. 
There is no need for a complex computer control system since the Z-axis displacement is substantially independent of horizontal movement over a coverage area serviced by the platform. 
A mounting beam for positioning and supporting the Z-axis and Y-axis motors and visual display element(s) and other optional multimedia devices may also be positioned independently of the platform. 
In addition, since the line is commanded from one point, distantly located motors and electrical cables are not required. 
Many types of useful devices may then be attached to the platform including devices that require external power or devices that possess their own power and are operated via wireless signals 
A fully enclosed carton for carrying heavy loads with a reinforcement insert (58a, 58b) for the handle apertures (50a, 50b) located in the top end flaps (38, 40) of the carton. 
The paperboard reinforcing insert may be extended as a bridge across the top panel (14) of the carton to prevent tearing of the handle apertures in the top end flaps and also tearing in the top panel (14) of the carton when carrying a heavy load. 
The carton may have one or more dispensers (70a, 70b) in the top panel which may extend into an adjoining side panel (12, 18). 
Multiple tear lines may be formed for the dispenser flap in the insert that extends across the top panel to permit easy access to the containers, such as bottles, in the carton. 
The paperboard reinforcing insert may have a larger aperture (60a, 60b) than the handle aperture in each top end flap to adjust for any imprecision in the alignment of the paperboard insert in forming the carton sleeve from the paperboard blank. 
When the paperboard insert extends across the top panel and one or more dispensers are formed in the top panel, multiple tear lines may be used to form the flaps in the insert to compensate for any imprecision in the insertion of the insert that extends across the top panel into the carton sleeve when it is being formed 
The anti-skid device for vehicle wheels running on pneumatics for ice and snow surfaces comprises arm-like grip element carriers (50) that are provided with spikes on the free ends thereof, said carriers being arranged on a carrier element (10). The carriers partly enclose the tire tread and are bent on one end. 
After adjustment to the size of the tire, the fixing point (55) for each grip element carrier (50) can be fixed. In order to limit the alternating pivotal movement of each of the grip element carriers (50), the carrier element (10) has a limiting stop (90) on the inner wall side and on both ends thereof in the area of the journal bearing (30) for the grip element carrier (50). 
Light therapy in the visible spectral region, for which radiation sources emitting UV radiation are provided, uses fluorescent films that age during operation such that the intensity of the light irradiated by the fluorescent films gradually decreases. 
In order to solve this problem, the invention relates to a radiation converter located in a treatment device and comprising a fluorescent layer (2) for emitting the visible light. 
Said radiation converter comprises a housing (1) that can be penetrated by radiation emitted by the radiation source (11). 
The housing (1) comprises a front wall (3) consisting of a UV-permeable material and a rear wall (4) consisting of a UV-impermeable material, on the side of the housing (1) opposing the front wall (3). 
A liquid chamber (5) is formed between the front wall (3) and the rear wall (4), and the fluorescent layer (2) is arranged between the front wall (3) and the rear wall (4) 
Methods and products are described for inducing B cell apoptosis, using antibody-induced apoptosis. 
Specifically, polyclonal antiserum or one or more monoclonal antibodies, either alone or in combination, as well as fragments or variants thereof are employed in the methods and products of the present invention. 
These antibodies, or fragments or variants thereof, are capable of binding to B cell surface markers under conditions effective to collectively or individually induce apoptosis of the contacted B cell. 
Consequently, the methods and products of the present invention can be used therapeutically to treat, or as a preventative agent to protect against, a B cell-related condition or disorder 
The invention provides novel dosage forms of quetiapine and its salts, particularly quetiapine hemifumarate including wax dosage forms, press-coat dosage forms, and sprinkle dosage forms, and other novel dosage forms. 
The invention also provides sustained release and pulsed release dosage forms of quetiapine and its salts. Methods of making novel quetiapine dosage forms are given. 
Use of said compositions for the manufacture of medicaments for treating shizophenia and other neuropsychiatric disorders by administering an effective amount of the dosage forms disclosed herein, either alone or in combination with one or more other medicaments, are also provided by the invention 
One aspect of the invention relates to piperidine compounds that are useful as inhibitors of monoamine transporters. 
The invention also relates to pharmaceutical compositions, comprising a piperidine compound of the invention. 
Another aspect of the present invention relates to the use of the aformentioned compounds in a method of treating a disorder of the central nervous system in a mammal 
An improved thrombopoietin mimetic, the choline salt of 2-(3,4-dimethylphenyl)-4-{[2-hydroxy-3'-(1 H-tetrazol-5-yl)biphenyl-3-yl]-hydrazono}-5-methyl-2,4-dihydropyrazol-3-one 
A method and apparatus for applying medication to internal human tissue. 
One drug delivery member (24) for applying medication (20) to internal human tissue includes a medication impermeable barrier (26) and a medication-carrying matrix (28). 
The medication impermeable barrier is shaped to conform to a contour of the internal tissue. 
The medication-carrying matrix releases the medication to the human tissue upon being applied to the internal human tissue. 
The matrix may be adapted to adhere to the internal human tissue 
A method for translating data packets from one network protocol to another is disclosed. 
A set of translation templates is constructed. 
The translation templates are then loaded into a translation template cache. 
In response to a data packet from a first network arriving at a translation router, an appropriate translation template is selected from the set of translation templates within the translation template cache according to the translation context of the data packet. 
Next, a new header for transmission into a second network is constructed by reading header fields of the data packet from the first network along with the appropriate translation template in the translation template cache. 
The data payload of the data packet from the first network is subsequently removed from the header of the data packet and then appended to the constructed header of the second network. 
Finally, the newly constructed data packet is transmitted to the second network 
In a radio communication system using OFDM/MTPC method, the MLI demodulation success rate is improved. 
An MLI demodulation part (100) includes an MLI vector addition part (101) for performing a vector addition of MLI symbol portions outputted from a demultiplexer (214); and an error detection circuit (105) for detecting, from an output signal of a symbol demodulation circuit (218), an error by use of an error detection code or the like. 
The MLI vector addition part (101) comprises a vector addition circuit (102) for vector adding an output of the demultiplexer (214) to an output of a storage circuit (103); the storage circuit (103) for storing an output of the vector addition circuit (102); and a switch circuit (104) for switching between the output of the demultiplexer (214) and the output of the vector addition circuit (102) 
A prescaler, comprising a first flip-flop (F1) coupled to a second flip-flip (F2). 
Each flip-flop comprises a latch (M1, M2, M3, M4) having a first input (R) and a second input (S) coupled to respective first NOR circuit (M8, M9, M10) and second NOR circuit (M5, M6, M7) 
An organic electroluminescent element, which has a positive electrode 2 and a glass substrate 1 sequentially laminated on one side of a light-emitting layer 4 and a negative electrode 5 formed on the other side of the light-emitting layer 4, has a functional layer which is formed by causing gas molecules of at least one type of compound selected from the group consisting of dyes and charge transport materials to contact and penetrate a fÎ conjugated organic polymer compound 
According to the present invention, which is a display device in which a light-emitting element where an organic substance generating luminescence referred to as electroluminescence or a medium including a mixture of an organic substance and an inorganic substance is sandwiched between electrodes is connected to a TFT, the invention is to manufacture a display panel by forming at least one or more of a conductive layer which forms a wiring or an electrode and a pattern necessary for manufacturing a display panel such as a mask layer for forming a predetermined pattern is formed by a method capable of selectively forming a pattern. 
A droplet discharge method capable of forming a predetermined pattern by selectively discharging a droplet of a composition in accordance with a particular object and by forming a conductive layer or an insulating layer is used as a method capable of selectively forming a pattern 
The invention relates to an electron gun with a focusing anode, forming a window for said gun and the application thereof to irradiation and sterilization. 
Said gun comprises a vacuum chamber (2) which contains a cathode (6), having an electron-emitter face (8) and an electron-transparent anode (4), formed in one of the chamber walls. 
The anode is curved in order to resist the pressure difference between the inside and outside of the chamber. 
The emitter face is also curved and cooperates with the anode to focus the electrons outside of the chamber 
In a liquid crystal monitor including a LUT for converting the input gradation to an output gradation for each color of RGB, the LUT is initialized so that the liquid crystal monitor exhibits a predetermined luminance and a predetermined white color point chromaticity value when the input gradation is at its maximum (S2). 
A white color screen is displayed at a plurality of input gradations by using the initialized LUT and the monochromatic luminance of each color is measured by an optical sensor (S3). 
By applying output gradations corresponding to the input gradations, correlation between the output gradations and the monochromatic luminance are obtained (S4). 
By using a predetermined gamma characteristic and the white color luminance when the input gradation is at its maximum, a target white color luminance at the input gradations is calculated (S5). 
By using the monochromatic luminance ratio when the input gradation is at its maximum, the target white color luminance is distributed proportionally, so as to obtain a target monochromatic luminance at the input gradations (S6). 
An output gradation equivalent to the target monochromatic luminance is obtained from the correlation between the output gradation and the monochromatic luminance and the obtained output gradation is correlated to the input gradation, thereby calibrating the LUT (S7) 
An algorithmic approaches that can be implemented in software/firmware/hardware that filters out stable PRI patterns detected within a system that is prosecuting against radar based transmissions are disclosed. 
The algorithms allow downstream computing assets to concentrate their limited resources on the more complex emitter PRI pattern types. 
Thus, a portion (e.g., stable signals) of the pulse deinterleave and PRI identification problem is solved without requiring the more computationally expensive processing. 
The disclosed algorithms can be employed, for example, in electronic support measures (ESM) systems, electronic intelligence (ELINT) systems, and/or a electronic countermeasures (ECM) systems. 
The algorithms employ linear detection, linear regression, or a combination of linear detection and linear regression, thereby providing a "dual voting" scheme that decreases the occurrence of false positives. 
Other algorithmic approaches can be used as well in a multi-voting scheme that considers PRI estimates from distinct analysis types 
A conductive rubber roller for OA that realizes semipermanent recycling of rubber part, enabling cost reduction and excelling in effective utilization of resources. 
There is provided a conductive rubber roller for OA characterized by containing a recycled rubber. 
It is preferred that the conductivity of the rubber roller be imparted by ionic conduction or electronic conduction. 
It is also preferred that the ratio of recycled rubber to the rubber part of the rubber roller be in the range of 5 to 50 mass%. 
The rubber roller can preferably be obtained by a process characterized by comprising the steps of micropulverizing the rubber separated from rubber roller to thereby obtain a micropulverized rubber; increasing the fluidity of the micropulverized rubber through physical treatment and/or heat treatment to thereby obtain a recycled rubber; and mixing the recycled rubber with virgin rubber 
The present invention provides a polarization independent phase modulator for light comprising a layer of chiral liquid crystal mixture that has a low enough pitch to provide polarization independence of the effective refractive index for visible light. 
The liquid crystal mixture is controllable between a helix oriented ground state and a tilted state induced by the application of an electric field across the liquid crystal mixture layer. 
The liquid crystal mixture is preferably dispersed in a network material which ensures that the helix-oriented ground state is resumed when removing the electric field 
The invention relates to a computer tomograph, in which data from a rotor, which during operation of the computer tomograph rotates about an axis of rotation, is transferred optoelectronically. 
For that purpose, on the rotor there is located at least one transmitter, which transmits light towards a receiver mounted on the axis of rotation, the light being modulated with the data to be transferred 
A navigation device capable of providing a person in a vehicle in a comprehensible manner with the position of the vehicle. 
The navigation device mounted on a vehicle and guiding the vehicle by a turn-by-turn method or only by voice has a control section (21) and a short range wireless communication section (14). The control section (21) derives the position of the vehicle, and then acquires map image data of the periphery of the derived position. The short range wireless communication section (14) is capable of sending a radio wave into a communication area that can cover a vehicle interior space, and sends out the position and the map image data derived by the control section (21) to a mobile communication terminal device (30) positioned in the communication area of the wireless communication section. The mobile communication terminal (30) receives and displays the position and the map image data sent out by the short range wireless communication section (14) 
A process and device are disclosed for applying an elastoplastic band (1) as a spacer when producing insulating glass panes. 
The device comprises a take-off reel (2) for the band, a plurality of driven band-guiding rollers (4, 6, 7, 8) and a band compression head (20) movable relative to a first glass pane (40). 
Unlike in the prior art, an elastoplastic band is used whose lateral surfaces are not coated with an adhesive. 
The adhesive is rather applied to the band shortly before the band is applied. 
For this purpose, opposite nozzles (11, 12) are arranged between the take-off reel (2) and the compression head (20) and coat the band lateral surfaces with adhesive 
The invention provides novel compositions, methods and uses, for the prediction, diagnosis, prognosis, prevention and treatment of malignant neoplasia and breast cancer. 
The invention further relates to genes that are differentially expressed in breast tissue of breast cancer patients versus those of normal "healthy" tissue. 
Differentially expressed genes for the identification of patients which are likely to respond to chemotherapy are also provided 
The invention relates to a method from the selection of biomolecules from variant libraries, in particular of bio-catalytically active biomolecules, comprising the steps: a) production of a variant library, b) division of the variant library into a number of compartments, each of which is smaller than the total number of variants in the variant library by a factor of at least 10, c) production and testing of the biomolecules in the individual compartments for a particular property, for example, a bio-catalytic activity, d) selection of at least one compartment in which there are biomolecules fulfilling the desired properties, e) division of the partial library contained in the selected compartment into further compartments and f) n-fold repetition of the steps c) to e) until each compartment has only one variant of the gene sequence coding for the biomolecule. 
In contrast to established methods which comprise mutagenesis and selection steps, said method starts with a large library in which the desired variants are contained from the outset 
A method for labeling structures, such as ß-amyloid plaques and neurofibrillary tangles, in vivo or in vitro, is provided and comprises contacting brain tissue with one or more compounds, preferably radiolabeled for detection by positron emission tomography (PET) 
A composition comprising FCC catalyst particles and additive particles suitable for the reduction of NOx emissions from a FCC regenerator, said additive particles comprising a Mg and Al-containing anionic clay or solid solution, a rare earth metal oxide, alumina and/or silica-alumina, and Y-type zeolite. The invention further relates to a process for preparing such a composition and its use for reducing NOx emissions 
Novel antagonists of the chemokine CXCL8 (also known as Interleukin-8) can be obtained by generating mutants having specific combinations of non-.conservative substitutions of basic amino acids located in the C-terminal region. 
Compounds prepared in accordance with the present invention can be used to block CXCL8 activity in vivo, thereby providing therapeutic compositions for use in the treatment or prevention of CXCL-8-related diseases 
A windshield wiper for all types of vehicles, with many 'cleaning legs' (5) around a body (4) and with water passing through the center of the body i.e. the water tunnel (6) and through water pores (7) and (9) to the windshield glass 
The present invention relates to a holding device for a respiratory mask. 
Said device is composed of a hub (1), removably fitted to the respiratory mask shells and comprising two lateral elements which allow a fin (2) to be secured on each side of the hub (2), said fin comprising openings, for fastening the harness straps (3, 4) which are placed around the head and optionally a strap (5), for holding the patient's mouth closed. 
Said invention generally relates but is not limited to non-invasive mechanical ventilation of airways by a gas generator, or any other medical or non-medical application, permitting the use of said device 
A thickening composition that can replace the existing mucosa expanding/upthrusting liquid in the endoscopic demucosation; and a needle device or the like for use in the mucous membrane injection in the stomach and esophagus, etc., which is suitable for increasing of the viscosity of the thickening composition. 
There is provided a needle device including at least stimulation means capable of stimulation from outside and a needle body capable of being thrust into an object. 
In a preferred mode, the stimulation means is accommodated so as to be capable of entry in and outgoing from multiple needle bodies. 
In another preferred mode, there is provided stimulated area expanding means for expanding the area stimulated by the stimulation means. 
In a further preferred mode, there is provided fluid transfer means capable of transferring a fluid into the object. 
Moreover, there is provided a thickening composition for use in the endoscopic demucosation, which thickening composition comprises at least a fluid substance whose viscosity is increased by stimulation from outside. Still moreover, there is provided a method of increasing the viscosity of thickening composition, which comprises stimulating a thickening composition by the use of a needle device capable of thickening composition stimulation to thereby increase the viscosity of the thickening composition, wherein the thickening composition is as mentioned above and wherein the needle device is as mentioned above 
A process that is capable to optimize the efficiency of extraction at room temperature of juice or puree from food pulps of fruit and vegetables, responsive to the consistency of the same. 
In a first step the pulps are cut and softened in a first section (4) of the machine, where a first rotor (5) applies to the food pulps a plurality of pulses in quick succession against a stator that has protrusions on the inner surface. 
The softened product then passes through a second section (6), where the separation is carried out of the part of pulp that can be used (juice or puree), which are conveyed in a outlet duct (11), from the waste solid parts (peelings, seeds, hard fibres), which are disposed through an outlet (13). 
The rotors (5, 7) are not mounted on a same shaft, but on different shafts (8, 18) operated by respective motors (9, 19). 
Both motors (9, 19) are operatively connected to a device (20) that controls the respective speeds in a manual way, for example by a speed variator, or automatically, responsive to predetermined input parameters, relative to the consistency of the product 
A modulating apparatus that need not use any huge reference tables, can be applied even to a conventional analog PLL modulation scheme, need not control timings with higher accuracy, can correct phase errors with a high accuracy, and that can be applied even to communication systems using no amplitude modulations. 
In the present apparatus, a signal generating part (101) generates a baseband phase signal. 
A phase error compensation part (102) multiplies a frequency change amount in a predetermined period or a phase change amount between adjacent data of the baseband phase signal by a parameter inherent in a device to determine a phase error, and then corrects the determined phase error for the baseband phase signal. 
A storage part (103) stores parameters and calculation formula. 
A modulation part (105) uses the baseband phase signal to modulate a frequency converted signal received from a frequency conversion part (104), thereby producing a modulated signal 
An apparatus and method for a communications device to specify communication and networking requirements and, based on these requirements, to select one of a communication network and wireless device from available networks and wireless devices. 
The present invention accepts at least one of five sets of input parameters: Mobility; Communication Requirements; Network Environment; Personal/Account Information; and Cost. 
Given at least one of these sets of parameters, a communication device, modified according to the present invention, such as a mobile device searches the environment for other devices and networks meeting these parameters, displays them to the user and accepts selection input from the user, or alternatively, automatically makes one of a network and wireless device selection. 
The device attempts to make a connection if the attempt succeeds, the user continues interaction with the selected one of a network and wireless device. 
If the attempt fails, then another one of a network and wireless device is selected and the process of connecting repeate 
A plate, an electrical interconnect formed by the plate, and a fuel cell assembly incorporating the electrical interconnect. 
The electrical interconnect is for use in a fuel cell stack. 
The fuel cell assembly is for use in the electrochemically active section of a fuel cell stack. 
The assembly includes one or more membrane electrode assemblies (MEA), each disposed between two flow field plates that distribute fuel and oxidant to the anode and the cathode, an additional flow field plate for passing coolant in order to cool the assembly and, possibly, a buss plate. 
At least one of the buss plates is an electrical interconnect of the present invention. 
The electrical interconnect is constructed to include one or more electrically conductive tabs, where one or more of the tabs are in turn coupled to a fuel cell health management (FCHM) device that is able to monitor, control, rejuvenate, supplement, and bypass the fuel cell assembly through the connection made via the tabs. 
The tabs may also be utilized as mounts and heat sinks for high power electronic components associated with the FCHM, the heat generated by these FCHM components being dissipated by the fuel cell stack cooling system. 
The plate members are made from a highly electrically conductive material such that the voltage drop across each plate member provided by an FCHM is small thus, allowing the current density across the MEA to be essentially uniform since the voltage throughout the area of the plate is more uniform that in the usual plate design. 
The material of the plate member is advantageously selected based on its electrical and thermal conductivities and its chemical stability in the operating environment of the fuel cell 
A storage medium on which moving-image data including mode information is recorded, wherein the storage medium stores at least one object of a first type for reproducing moving-image information, at least one object of a second type for providing additional functions using the moving-image information and system data for controlling the reproduction of the objects of the first and second types. 
The system data includes mode information indicating the types of the objects 
A method and system for controlling electrophoretic and other bi-stable displays (310). 
Coded data (605, 610, 615) for driving the display is stored in memory (320) for different pixel transitions and different temperatures. 
The coded data includes voltage level and timing information for the different pixel transitions. 
A portion (705, 710, 715, 720, 725, 730) of the coded data is retrieved by a controller (100) such as an ASIC based on a selected pixel transition, temperature, and update mode. 
The portion of the coded data, which may include fixed length frame instructions, is decoded to provide decoded data. 
The decoded data is used to provide voltage waveforms for driving the display 
A remote monitoring system (1) for a mobile storage tank (2) having a product container (3) in which a remote telemetry unit (10) gathers liquid level and head space pressure data and global position data. 
The remote telemetry unit (3) effects a wireless transmission of a standard message structure containing the pressure (20) and level data (14) and the global position data (36). 
In addition, in case of a storage tank (2) having a thermal shield (4), pressure and level data for the shield fluid, itself may also be in the standard data record as well as acceleration data from an accelerometer to indicate tank damage. 
If upset conditions of pressure and liquid level are reached in the thermal shield (4) and/or product container (3), vapor may be vented in accordance with preset programming in order to attempt to reestablish liquid level and vapor pressure above set points 
Disclosed are method and system for approving electronic payment using SMS including URL callback. 
Using this method, possession of a mobile terminal is very simply checked for approval of the payment using the mobile terminal. 
That is to say, if a payment approving server transmits SMS including URL callback to the mobile terminal of a purchaser and the purchaser accesses wireless Internet with the URL callback without inputting any certification number, the payment approving server extracts a mobile terminal number from WAP data packet transmitted from the mobile terminal accessed to the wireless Internet and then checks whether the purchaser possesses the mobile terminal. 
In addition, a purchaser-identifying authentication code requiring security is not transmitted via the electronic shopping mall server, but directly input to the payment approving server through the wireless Internet, thereby ensuring safe electronic payment 
A process (300) is disclosed to measure predetermined wavelength reflectance spectra of a resist coated wafer (305,310,315,320) at a nominal thickness. 
After coating, the predetermined wavelength reflectance (325,330) is measured and the peak heights and valleys in the vicinity of the predetermined wavelength are tabulated. 
The relative swing ratio is computed (335) as the average peak height of the spectra at the exposure wavelength. 
This relative swing ratio is then compared to similar computations on other processes to determine which provides the best critical dimension (CD) control 
A method and device are presented for measuring the electrical properties of a specimen (12). 
The specimen (12) is excited to cause emission of internal charged particles from the specimen (12). 
Variable electrical power is supplied to the specimen (12) by flooding the specimen (12) with low energy charged particles (14). 
During the variable power supply to the specimen (12), an electric current through the specimen (12) is measured and/or variable bias voltage (16) is supplied to the back contact of the specimen (12). 
Analysis of the emitted charged particles (15A) versus their energy provides local potential values at chemical entities of the specimen (12). 
This technique enables determination of rich, chemically resolved, electrical properties of a specimen (12) 
The invention relates to a device which is used to analyse bulk goods. 
In order to simplify said type of bulk good analysis which was previously carried out manually by a laboratory technician, for example, is carried out by means of an automatic test sieving machine. 
As a result, a device comprising a standard industrial robot or a manipulator is used 
A mixed liquid separator capable of separating a specified substance (O) from a mixed liquid formed of at least two types of substances (C) and (O) with different co-rotated characteristics. 
The separator comprises an outside member (1) formed in a cylindrical shape, having a suction port (11) for the mixed liquid at one end part thereof, and having a discharge port (16) for the separated substance (O) at the other end part thereof, a bar-like inside member (2) disposed coaxially with the outside member (1) and rotatable relative to the outside member in the outside member (1), and a drive means (3) rotating the outside member (1) and the inside member (2) relative to each other. 
At least one of the inner peripheral side of the outside member (1) and the outer peripheral side of the inside member (2) comprises a spiral guide wall guiding the substance (O) from the one end part to the other end part by the relative rotation of the outside member (1) and the inside member (2). 
The substance (O) is fed to the other end part along the guide wall by the relative rotation to separate it from the mixed liquid 
An apparatus and method for protecting against the problems associated with heave of a floating drilling rig are disclosed. 
The disclosed invention is a unique inline compensator in which a plurality of cylinders housed within a tubular housing and a plurality of low pressure and high pressure accumulators function together to provide a system for compensating for heave in the event a primary heave compensation system fails or becomes inoperative. 
The typical inline compensator of the present invention utilizes a plurality of hydraulic cylinders that act in opposite directions and that have different piston areas such that the piston rods of the cylinders are extended or retracted at different pressure levels to account for heave. 
The typical inline compensator of the present invention is self-contained and compact enough to fit in the limited space available on a floating drilling structure. 
Further, a pair of inline compensators of the present invention can be utilized with coiled tubing operations. 
In such a case, the inline compensators will not interfere with the tooling necessary to conduct the coiled tubing operations 
The present invention provides isolated nucleotide sequences responsible for the tomato high pigment 1 (hp-1) and high pigment 1<w> (hp-1<w>) phenotypes, wherein said sequences comprises an altered tomato DDB1 gene sequence or fragment thereof, wherein said the alteration in said altered sequence or fragment comprises an A-to-T transversion at nucleotide 931 of said DDB1 gene sequence in the case of hp-1 and a G-to-A transition at nucleotide 2392 of said DDB1 gene sequence in the case of hp-1<w> 
Through-the-wash automatic dishwashing detergent compositions, especially detergent compositions comprising zinc-containing materials, are provided for protecting glassware from surface corrosion during automatic dishwashing 
Compositions for effectively delivering a water-soluble active material to a surface comprise: (a) from about 1% to about 30%, by weight of the composition, of a dialkyl quaternary ammonium compound having the formula: or or wherein R1 and R2 are independently C12 to C20 saturated alkyl chains; Y is or , wherein R4 is ethyl or isopropyl; R3 and R5 are independently methyl, ethyl, hydroxyethyl, or hydroxypropyl; m is 1, 2, or 3; n is 1 or 2; p is 0 or 1; and X- is a suitable anion; (b) from about 0.01% to about 10%, by weight of the composition, of water-soluble active material having a ClogP of less than about 2.0; and (c) at least about 60%, by weight of the composition, of water; wherein the compositions contain vesicles having a vesicle permeability index of less than about 1.3. 
Processes to make the compositions comprise the steps of dispersing the dialkyl quaternary ammonium compound and the water-soluble active material in an aqueous solution to form vesicles having a vesicle permeability index of less than about 1.3 
Patients susceptible to or suffering from disorders, such as central nervous system disorders, which are characterized by an alteration in normal neurotransmitter release, such as dopamine release (e.g., Parkinsonism, Parkinson's Disease, Tourette's Syndrome, attention deficient disorder, or schizophrenia), are treated by administering a compound of Formulas (1 or 2), as described herein. 
The compounds of Formulas (1 and 2) are also useful for treating pain, and treating drug addiction, nicotine addiction, and/or obesity. 
The compounds can exist as individual stereoisomers, racemic mixtures, diastereomers and the like 
A disc brake assembly (10) for a vehicle wheel on a vehicle, wherein the wheel includes a hub journalled to an axle (14) on the vehicle. 
The disc brake assembly (10) is concentric with the axle (14) and includes a housing (22) mounted to the vehicle with a radial disc (30) within the housing (22) and means mounting the disc (30) to the wheel. 
The disc (30) has at least a first radial planar friction surface and a first brake shoe (50) provided adjacent the first planar friction surface movable axially towards and away from the first friction surface of the disc (30) for friction engagement therewith and release thereof. 
Means are provided for restraining the first brake shoe (50) from rotating with the disc (30), an intermediate housing wall member (23) extending parallel with the radial disc (30) and located such that the first brake shoe (50) moves axially between the intermediate housing wall (23) and the radial disc (30). 
A movable abutment means (112) mounted for axial movement within the housing (22) between the intermediate wall (23) and a housing wall (114) remote from the first brake shoe (50) such that the intermediate wall (23) is between the movable abutment means (112) and the first brake shoe (50). 
Spring means (100) extend between the housing wall (114) and the abutment means (112). 
Push rods (104) extend between the spring means (100) and the first brake shoe (50) such that the spring means (100) urges against the push rods (104) to press the first brake shoe (50) against the first friction surface of the disc (30), and a first fluid bladder (110) is provided between the intermediate wall (23) and the abutment means (112) whereby the first fluid bladder (110), when expanded, forces the abutment means (112) to overcome the spring means (100) to release the first brake shoe (50) from the first friction surface of the disc (30). 
The spring means (100) includes a plurality of spring assemblies (100) spaced apart circumferentially on the housing wall (114) and levers (130) are associated with each spring assembly (100) whereby each lever (130) has a first pivot (130b) on the intermediate housing wall and a second pivot (130a) on the abutment means (112) and a spring assembly engagement portion on the lever (130) between the first and second pivot points (130b,130a) such that the lever (130) will cause the respective spring assemblies (100) to be compressed when the first bladder (110) is inflated, thereby retracting the push rods (104) in order to release the first brake shoe (50) from the first friction surface 
Disclosed is a multilayer body having a layered structure wherein a carboxyl group-containing polymer layer and a layer containing a polyvalent metal compound are arranged adjacent to at least one side of a polymer base. 
The layer containing a polyvalent metal compound contains particles of the polyvalent metal compound, a binder resin and a surfactant. 
Also disclosed is a method for producing such a multilayer body 
A method and a device for continuously manufacturing a synthetic resin container by compression-molding a preform by a compression-molding machine and continuously stretch blow-molding by a stretch blow-molding machine. 
In the continuous molding method, to industrialize the molding method for continuously performing compression molding and stretch blow molding which is recognized as an excellent molding method from the view points of economic efficiency and production efficiency, problems such as the deterioration of preform performance due to a change in temperature of the preform or a variation in stretch blow molding properties due to a difference in temperature between the surface and inner part of the preform resulting from the thickness of the preform are solved to manufacture product containers with constant performance and excellent quality. 
After the molded preform is taken out from the compression molding machine, soaking treatment is applied to the preform and, as necessary, partial heating or partial cooling treatment is applied thereto, and then the stretch blow molding is performed for the preform 
A positioning device, wherein a plug member (12) inserted into a positioning hole (5) formed in a second block is projected from a first block. 
A plurality of slide portions (61) opposed to each other on both sides of the plug member (12) are disposed on the plug member (12) in the state of being movable in a first radial direction (D1) generally orthogonal to the opposed direction. 
A first pressing member (15) and a second pressing member (19) are disposed on the outsides of the slide portions (61) so as to be expandable and contractible in the radial direction and movable in the axial direction. 
Since the first pressing member (15) is driven in the base end direction by a drive means, the slide portions (61) expand the first pressing member (15) in the radial direction through the second pressing member (19) to move the slide portions (61) in the first radial direction (D1) relative to the plug member (12). 
After the movement, the first pressing member (15) strongly presses the inner peripheral surface of the positioning hole (5) in the second radial direction (D2) since the movement of the second pressing member (19) in the base end direction is stopped 
A composition-of-matter is provided. 
The composition-of-matter comprising a mixture of albumin and a plasticizer. 
Also provided is a medical devices, a portion of a medical device, a solder or an adhesive composed of such a composition-of-matter and a method of manufacturing same 
An ultrasound system has an ultrasound transducer (34) having a transducer housing (24) and a horn (42) provided at the distal end of the transducer housing (24), an ultrasound transmission member (32), a sonic connector (36) that is connected to the horn (42) and the proximal end of the ultrasound transmission member (32), and a catheter knob (20) having a proximal end that is coupled to the distal end of the transducer housing (24). 
The catheter knob has a proximal bore (44) that houses the sonic connector (36). 
The system also includes a nesting piece (94) that is retained inside the proximal bore (44) of the catheter knob (20). 
The nesting piece (94) can be moved from a first position where the sonic connector (36) is separated from the nesting piece (40) when ultrasound energy is being propagated through the ultrasound transmission member (32) 
The invention relates to a method for controlling the load in a packet data network (PN) at an interface between the packet data network (PN) and a connection-oriented telecommunications network that is connected to said data network, according to which a traffic volume of data of one type, which is routed through the packet data network (PN), is determined periodically. 
The measured data is then used to calculate a predicted traffic volume for a following period and a subsequent resource reservation, which corresponds to the predicted traffic volume, is carried out in the packet data network (PN) for said following period. 
The invention also relates to a media gateway (MG) and a media gateway controller (MGC) for carrying out the inventive method 
To authenticate a mobile node, a Mobile IPv6 registration request is received from the mobile node, where the registration request contains authentication information. 
One example of the Mobile IPv6 registration request is a Mobile IPv6 Binding Update message. 
A procedure to authenticate the mobile node is performed based on the authentication information contained in the registration request 
The invention is intended to present an insulated gate type semiconductor device that can be manufactured easily and its manufacturing method while realizing both higher withstand voltage design and lower on-resistance design. 
The semiconductor device comprises N+ source region 31, N+ drain region 11, P- body region 41, and N- drift region 12. 
By excavating part of the upper side of the semiconductor device, a gate trench 21 is formed. 
The gate trench 21 incorporates the gate electrode 22. 
A P floating region 51 is provided beneath the gate trench 21. 
A further trench 35 differing in depth from the gate trench 21 may be formed, a P floating region 54 being provided beneath the trench 25 
A substrate carrying apparatus comprises a first carrying mechanism for carrying a substrate into an exposure unit where an exposure is conducted via a projection optical system and a liquid, a second carrying mechanism for carrying the substrate out of the exposure unit, and an anti-scattering mechanism for preventing scattering of the liquid from at least one of the second carrying mechanism and a substrate carried by the second carrying mechanism to at least one of the first carrying mechanism and a substrate carried by the first carrying mechanism 
This invention is applied to, for example, an optical disc apparatus. 
In an index file comprising a series of entries constituted by excerpt information from files, a plurality of still image files are summarized into a single movie file, which is registered anew with the index file 
A map display area decision unit (262) decides an area for which a map is to be displayed. 
A road information acquisition unit (261) acquires bending point coordinate information and name information for the traffic route to be displayed in the display area decided, from the map data transmitted from the map data distribution server. 
A map display data generation unit (264) decides a display position at a position along the traffic route and evading an interference with the other character symbol for each character or symbol constituting the character symbol string indicated in the name information and generates map display data for displaying the character or the symbol at the position decided 
There are included a transmitting/receiving part (21) for receiving, from a terminal apparatus (10) mounted on a vehicle, location information, which is related to the current location of the vehicle, and vehicle information, which includes the type and speed of the vehicle; a vehicle control information generating part (23) for generating vehicle control information statistically obtained, based on the vehicle information and location information, for each of the types of vehicles; a storage part (22) for storing the vehicle control information; a control information detecting part (24) for detecting, from the storage part (22), vehicle control information corresponding to the vehicle location information received from the terminal apparatus (10); and a transmitting/receiving part (21) for transmitting, to the terminal apparatus (10), the vehicle control information as retrieved by the control information detecting part (24). 
Based on the location information transmitted from the terminal apparatus (10), the vehicle control information for the vehicle traveling direction is transmitted from the storage part (22) to the terminal apparatus (10), thereby controlling the driving of the vehicle 
The invention is directed to a method for awarding at least a portion of a jackpot amount in a lottery game for a pluraity of players. 
The method includes accepting an entry for each of a plurality of players for an occurrence of a lottery game, comparing a first subet of numbers for each of the entries to a second subset of numbers for an outcome of the lottery game, determingn the number of matched numbers for each entry, and determing the outcome for the occurrence of the lottery game 
Microstructures are fabricated by imaging a microstructure master blank that includes a radiation sensitive layer sandwiched between a pair of outer layers, on an imaging platform, to define the microstructures in the radiation sensitive layer. 
At least one of the outer layers is then removed. 
The microstructures that were defined in the radiation sensitive layer are developed. 
The radiation sensitive layer sandwiched between the pair of outer layers may be fabricated as webs, to provide microstructure master blanks 
A lube base oil which comprises at least one hydrocarbon compound having as the basic skeleton a structure represented by any of the general formulae (I) to (VI) and has a viscosity at -40°C of 40 Pa.s or lower and a viscosity index of 80 or higher, (wherein p is an integer of 1 to 10, provided that in the formulae (I) and (II), p is not 1). 
It satisfies the coefficient of high-temperature traction, low-temperature flowability, and viscosity index on a high level 
A process for copolymerizing ethylene with vinylsilanes is disclosed. 
The process uses a Ziegler-Natta catalyst and cocatalyst wherein the Ziegler-Natta catalyst is prepared from a Group 4-6 halogen-containing transition metal and a mixture of an organomagnesium compound and a silicon-containing compound. 
Silane-functionalized polyolefins produced using the process can be crosslinkable and can be used to bond polyolefins to polysiloxanes or other functionalized polymers 
The invention provides novel polynucleotides, related polypeptides related nucleic acid and polypeptide compositions, and related modulators, such as antibodies and small molecule modulators. 
The invention also provides methods to make and use these polynucleotides, polypeptides, related compositions, and modulators. 
These methods include diagnostic, prophylactic, and therapeutic applications. 
The compositions and methods of the invention are useful in treating proliferative disorders, e.g., cancers, such as kidney and pancreatic cancer; and inflammatory, immune, and viral disorders 
A display device for a conveyor according to the present invention includes: a plurality of safety devices disposed on various points of a conveyor; a display device for displaying information such as operation conditions of the conveyor or broken locations thereof by means of predetermined display patterns; a contactor for intermittently charging current to a motor driving part of the conveyor, or switching UP and DOWN operations; a safety device operation detection relay for blocking a power source of the contactor, when any of the safety devices is operated; a binarization means for binarizing a signal which specifies the operation condition of the conveyor or the operated safety device; and a display controller for receiving the binarized signal, determining a message to be displayed in compliance with a combination of binary signals, and outputting the determined display signal to the display device 
A bicycle design includes a seat tube affixed to the chain stay at a fixed distance rearward of the bottom bracket so that the rider sitting on the saddle can comfortably fully extend one leg to place a foot flat on the ground or to use the proper full leg extension for pedaling. 
The rider sits comfortably upright on the saddle while pedaling and can pedal while standing up. 
Increasing the height of the saddle by extending the seat post tube for a taller rider increases the space between the saddle and the handle bars. 
The fixed distance may be in the range of about 4" to 8" and most preferably about 6". 
The seat tube is preferably affixed to the chain stay frame member at an angle of about 66.5° and the head tube at an angle of about 68° 
A sheet divider (100) may include a sheet stock (102) having an edge (108) and a tab (104). 
The tab may be disposed at the edge of the sheet stock and have an opening (110). 
The opening is configured to enable a label (106) to be inserted into the tab from a direction that is substantially perpendicular to the edge of the sheet stock. 
For example, a label may be inserted into the tab from a direction of the sheet stock. 
In other words, a label may be inserted in a direction that is substantially perpendicular to the edge of the sheet stock. 
The tab may include a projecting portion (112) that extends beyond the edge of the sheet stock and that is free of openings. 
A pocket (114) maybe formed in the projecting portion to receive a label. 
In addition, the projecting portion may be curvilinear in shape. 
The labels may be relatively large so that a proximal portion extends out of the tab. 
The sheet stock may include retaining structure for retaining the comers of the proximal portion of the label against the sheet stock 
The invention provides a toolholder assembly (10) including a body (12) and a nest (18) that is suitable for holding an insert (14). 
